Design Sync - January 17
VIEW RECORDING - 31 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/6Z19PKYx1yRe8yFVS_kzXZkY_nm2rydV

---

0:14 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Hello, can you hear me?

0:16 - Mau
  Yes.

0:18 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Good, good.

0:19 - Mau
  Hello.

0:19 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Good.

0:21 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Moris, testa ei. Ulla.

0:25 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Ei. Ei. Ei.

0:29 - Mau
  Ei. I hope I don't have any more problems with the audio anymore. There's probably a, I was a little bit confused about this schedule today.  is, you know, I did it earlier. You know, I have another one. Well, I think it's just a proposed one.  But yeah, I don't regret the Hollywoods. I got a little bit lost with the schedule today.

1:06 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I don't have another one. I remember it was discussed at some point to have all of the design syncs at the same time, but I don't think it was made into an official invite.  I just blocked the time later, but I never got an invite for the design syncs. So I had the same question you have.

1:27 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Sorry, I wasn't following, are you talking about the time of the design syncs? Yes. I was just seeing the event, I just joined it.  To be honest, I also didn't follow up if we moved it or not. I'm not sure what's the latest.  I think, yeah.

1:48 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  We can check now.

1:50 - Mau
  If that's okay for everybody, I think it's okay. Yeah.

1:56 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I understand what's happening. for IBM and she hasn't replied yet so she said she said in this chat of this call coming soon at uh 2 30 or like five three minutes ago she said coming soon so like she she knows about the meeting and she will turn now i saw that should we start with some more specific requests yeah i have i have while we are waiting for i think this we can do without her there's one thing that we missed and maybe we can just i'd like you to add it in the designs so on the policy screen and communication screen and training screens actually just policy communications

3:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  We have the descriptions now in the list of designs on those screens. have title and description in the rows and we don't have input field for description when editing or creating new policy.  So there is no way to add currently to add a description or to update the description of a policy.  So we just need some kind of additional input there. And why I'm saying only while we need it on policy, training, means and communications, yeah, I guess it's the same for three.  you can just do it for policies. We'll just copy it over. So that's fine.

3:41 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Quick question. So is it just about putting an input field, correct? Yeah, so in the current design, we have a description.

3:54 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So we need to be able to edit it. Same way we can edit title or content. We just need to be able to.  edit the description or edit because we also have create new policy flow which is the same same it it can look the same you don't have to do two different things we just need to place it somewhere on the current design that's it while editing right if we just we if we experiment like for instance on this column this design seems like open the figma say it goes here it would it be okay for you just to insert insert the the field there or do you need the yeah i'm fine with i would like it to be in figma just for the sake of sources to that being source of why because i will not be doing that some of the someone from the team other will be doing that then i have to tell them then they might forget because they'll be doing this in two days then you know this is simple one so so we probably won't get lost but i'd prefer it being like if it's simple to add then let's just add it i'm not sure if it's just adding a field or we need

5:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  to rearrange things, I really don't know what's best there, but if we can do it as simple as possible, that's fine by me.  adding a field is okay for me.

5:10 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So while we wait, I'm just creating a card here, since we are just doing this.

5:18 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So do you see my screen? Yep, I do. Yeah, okay, so I'm creating these cards, include the scripting field, policy training comes, what needs to be done in the create or edit policy.  Well, include a field too for adding a description.

5:44 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  That's it.

5:46 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Add the inscription for the policy training.

5:56 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  That's it. Why doesn't it let me...

6:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It should let me, oh, that's all right, so strange, anyway, okay, this is design, okay. Another thing, while we wait, is invisible, what is invisible?

6:19 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  You have to add it to the sprint, design sprint, you can click the button, or just add it to the sprint area, design sprint.

6:26 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Correct, so it's here, are you familiar with this update compliance map?

6:34 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, yeah, I am, maybe I added it while we were on a call today, so I think she will probably tell you more, but I think the idea, I don't think there are any special instructions there, or just to make it look and feel a bit more like the other part that we are doing now, think it's now a bit different, it's not too much different, but something we will not be developing this soon, but it's good that we have  have it so while working this something that we need but yeah basically to be in line with the design I think she was meaning because we now have colors and all that stuff so I guess she she wants it to be in line with that understood so Chrome tab here share but that that's a priority why is it's after the users and the group management after that so that the compliance mode so compliance map let me change the priority user groups are before that yeah and user management why isn't it why for any group management this is also important and that you have the current reporting okay next one is this needs to be a little bit more prioritize

8:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So I can just throw it out, my test. Formary design risk assessment, OK. Good. Did you manage to, I know there's comments everywhere, to me can also be confusing, but did you manage to check out the comments on the Loom video?  Yeah, I think I have applied to you on both those points. Maybe I missed something.

8:37 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  If I missed something, please let me know. Yeah, so yeah.

8:42 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  That was because Abby made a comment in video. Oh, I didn't see the comments section at all. Oh, OK, OK, OK, my bad there.

8:50 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, OK, I spoke with Abby about this.

8:53 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Let's not complicate it for now.

8:55 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  OK, we can maybe design, but I told her that let's not go into this now because we don't what.  what and how will how will they do user import will they do it via file and etc so let's just keep it simple for now and once we know how we'll actually do the user import then we can design it so for now i would i would rather keep this simple let's just have a table where you can add user disabled user and that's it and once we have either google or we know how to import users we are some kind of csv file xls or whatever then we can then we can maybe handle it on the ui also but for now i'm not sure how will that look like to be honest so i cannot help you with any of these questions and i would say let's let's put it away for for some later stage when we need it we cannot hear you if you're speaking you're muted by default i think yeah sorry i had a customer meeting always we were just discussing this uh you remember  comments on the video that you mentioned that you and I discussed this morning also. Yeah, great.

10:08 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah.

10:10 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, and in what we were writing, I just told them to add the description, description field to the existing policies.  Same thing that we discussed this morning.

10:21 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  they will be adding just a description field to the policies so that we can add it to the users can edit or while adding new policy at the description there.  Yeah, I don't think there is design for the communications and trainings, so you can just do it on the policies and it's fine by us.  Let's not now complicate.

10:51 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'm going to grab a charger. be right back. Okay, so what do we, what do we need to go through today then do you have all the answers on those questions and I also answered the questions.

12:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  on slack I don't know if you saw the two questions you had on related to the user management on slack yeah I saw them yeah let me know if maybe something is still not clear or something but but yeah that's it anything that we need to else that we need make sense I added a emoji saying oh just now it wasn't that it doesn't okay okay so did you see my comments for the control page not yet so you said there's I might have only put them on fake off yeah they're on fake or maybe we can go through that did you have any agenda missing any I mean did you have agenda for this meeting or can we go through controls comments no no let's let's do this I will have to

13:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  and the meeting at the plant time because I have another one right next to this one. So let's just focus on these comments.

13:07 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Okay, go to control section Figma, if you can please. So Figma controls the new version should be, think.

13:14 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I can send you the link if you want.

13:16 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  This is one, right? I clicked on the comment.

13:18 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  We cannot say, we see only JIRA. Okay.

13:23 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, that's the one.

13:25 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  That's the one, yeah.

13:27 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Okay. Add some text.

13:29 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Got it. Do we need a small menu bar that explains what the icons mean, like red, not deploy, yellow, new, progress?

13:45 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Abby, I was just going to, I wanted to ask here, and that's related to my comment. These icons looked the same as in policies, but policies, is it the same, Abby, the business logic perspective from someone who is in this field?  Is it the same if the icons, so we have policies, policies can be deployed and then they need to be acknowledged by employees.  But that's something that needs to be done. For example, but conflict of interest needs to be done only if there's a occurrence of conflict of interest.

14:15 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  if there's a possibility.

14:16 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  I just get it.

14:19 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  No, it's the same because like in the welcome section, I said in this section, it confirms that set up the control for deployment in your organization.  This is the one time stuff required annually. So it's like this is like the set up portion of it.  So once they've all set up and launched all of these different things, then it all goes green and they kind of don't touch it after that.  And then if something changes or like then they like it resets, you know, maybe like every annually thing on the conflict of interest, it turns yellow after one year or like it turns red after one year and then they need to go back and they, know, green kind of like that.  They're always in progress, right?

14:52 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  No, I think it's deployed.

14:54 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  No, once you deploy it, it's green and then it's ongoing. And then when new things come in, I think then it just.  go to the taskbar, the one in it. Yeah, yeah, but but okay, yeah, I understand.

15:07 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  But those are different things.

15:09 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  a conflict of interest is a form that gets deployed and then the requests to review are what goes into the taskbar, right?  think that goes into the, yeah.

15:18 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So these are two separate things. Yeah, so I think now we're saying that it's going to go not into this section, but it's going to go into the overview section where the dashboard is.  So when there are requests that goes into that dashboard, not onto this page, I think this is like the setup page.

15:33 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  But we are talking about two different things.

15:34 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Right now we are just talking about the definition of what are the controls. So we are not talking about the submissions from the end users, but I understand you, I got you.  So yeah, I got the answer to my question, basically. We can maybe go through the comments now, yeah.

15:49 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, so I think one is just that to be consistent one because on right, the in progress, those boxes, the ones that are in blue, those were changed color.  this in the other in the other version, like we have changed the color to be able to match the boxes in policy.

16:08 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  You look at the policy, if you look at the policy one, it's like grab it and like, you know, put it next to it.

16:16 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  This one?

16:17 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  No, the latest one.

16:19 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, the latest policy. It's the one above rowable. And then go to the, yeah, go left or maybe it's not then because I had done it already, but then maybe he kept it at blue then because I think I had it in the beginning, changed it.  Like if you go up, if you go up. Yeah, like the original one had like, you know, if it's green, it turns green on the right.  it's, you know, not applicable, it becomes gray. You know, like right next to the view, the view button on all of those, those boxes.  No, the other rights. and on the right there those no like where you so yeah end of row right the right side of each row yeah those like completed as in green and not applicable as in gray in review should be yellow you know like got it yeah and then but then in I just realized in his new designs he did it he didn't update it that he just kept it all blue but I do think it could be good to keep it the same color as all of it like yeah for the new design and for policy to kind of match the colorings of it of the right and left so like yeah like kind of like the one I had done you go up this thing yeah like those should be change colors to match the coloring of the thing and it's kind of like the one yeah can we can we also just one thing can we click clean this up over the time so that we have the latest design only because currently I know I I know what the latest design but it will get lost over time so the latest design if I'm not mistaken is the one in the white frame and the

18:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  in a row below it's the latest design only that one middle one for the model but everything else is not the latest design okay this shows how the responsiveness shows but it's not the latest so if you could just just move to the right or somewhere so it's clear what's latest so that everyone knows where to look at that would be a long term just so just so that we are a bit more organized there so it's so that we don't have to yell on here where to look at and so on coming back to yeah coming back can you go back to the latest design in the white frame please I don't think no yes yeah that's the one open the row yeah look let's look at the row section so Abby what you're saying is that you would change the status color which is currently in review is blue you would change the that status status you know what it is status chip to yellow is that what you're saying yeah like yes we're like in progress

19:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  As I just to make it consistent the names that we have and then not start it would be like ideally like it would be consistent like it like it's red.  Yeah, it's not started. So then it's red like that.

19:12 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Okay, then job. Yeah, if you could please update the colors on the design to match the the ones that we have already implemented.  So the ones that are on the row on the left and right side of the rose.

19:24 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And the top of the screen. Okay. Let me see more comments. Shouldn't this be changed to match the colors in other sections.  Yes, okay, so this comment. We're seeing just all on and off just one. We

20:13 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Okay we can add this comment. Yeah like right now in this section it doesn't say what the red and the green or whatever is so we need to at least have some kind of like explanation on the top being like so red it means not starting yellow because if you look at the policies one and the policies you have it at the top because you have those numbers in this one you don't have it.

20:41 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I get it I get it so there's two sets of status right of groupings because there's a grouping of annual and ongoing and but it could be ongoing and it has nothing to do with the status it's just no it does have to do with the status I think this is what I'm trying to clarify like

21:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  You have to deploy these controls in order for it to get started for people to actually use it. So this is the status of the deployment.  So you've only set these up, but you actually haven't deployed it. That's in progress. I think there's something like in-between.  Possibly that's how I had set it up, but I don't know. No, I think I would answer this. Yeah.

21:25 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So we have controls. We have controls as an object, as something, and controls can be divided into two types, annual and ongoing.  Annual is the one that you have to do once a year.

21:37 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  You send it out, people complete it, it's done.

21:40 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Ongoing are the ones that are active all year long, need to be reviewed once a year, but people can fill them in throughout the year.  This is the separation where we have it in two groups and they require a bit different flows because the one you need to deploy and then get answers and then review the blah, blah, and the other ones are active.  But in theory, status is a... It's very similar, or I would even say the same, you need to deploy both of them, then you need to collect, respond to the answers and so on.  So I would say it's similar, right Abby? Yeah, perfect, got it, understood.

22:16 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So this thing, it looks good, I just wonder about the transition site to each of the forms, maybe those need to be updated match design or at least include the header with a bit more information.  copy link. Yeah, Abby, what did you mean by this? I didn't get this comment.

22:36 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Was this on the form, form page?

22:38 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  you want to have like a header explaining what that control is for?

22:43 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, exactly, because like when you click on annual conflict of interest, like, you know, like the page looks pretty, right?

22:49 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  And then you click on the second page, and then you suddenly jump into the conflict of interest. So there should be like a thing on top of that page that it probably looks like that same peach bar that is there.  that just helps bring it and explain, this is the conflict of interest form. You're going to review this to deploy it, just so that's a simpler way of jumping into it.  Does that make sense? If we look at where the controls are, yeah, does that make sense now?

23:24 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, I think so.

23:26 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, into the actual, the next step, there's that form that says, for each of these, there's a next step.  You need to review each of these forms, and then before you deploy them, and there should be that peach bar on top of each of those forms.  I don't know, Yvonne, if we need a design for that, or if you could just take a peach bar and stick it on top of each forms.  I would prefer to have design for everything, just to be clear on what's expected to do.

23:51 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Maybe to be more visual, you can go to the previous page called iteration one on the Pigma, and there,  I think we can exactly pinpoint the page that Abby once updated. I think that would be the best. if you go there and then go to- Maybe he could use this time to update those.

24:11 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, exactly.

24:12 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So one, you could find controls section.

24:14 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Some, yeah, that's it. And then zoom in a bit on the left and let's go to the start, please.  Okay. Now this is the old, then you click on some item and then the right page opens.

24:26 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, that's the one. is this the one, Abby?

24:31 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, it's kind of like this one.

24:34 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  And then we have all of the forms are going to be like this, whether it's the, it's like the gifts and entertainment and the government officials and all of that, all of those need like kind of a header.  And would you replace the current header?

24:46 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  The one that you see now, you can see this white header. Would you replace it? Yeah, but I think the current tool, we don't have the header.

24:55 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Maybe that's where I, because I'm looking at the design. Let me just, let me see how it looks.

25:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Okay, maybe it's a let me just pull up the phone so I can check it out.

25:07 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Let me check it really quick.

25:11 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, we do have it.

25:16 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Okay. Yeah, I think then if we already have it, it's not that I wouldn't be the most urgent, but I think to match our to match our overall.

25:27 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Oh, my gosh, the screen is so wide.

25:30 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, me see. Yeah, okay.

25:33 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  okay. I think it just so hidden.

25:35 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  That's why you're kind of overwhelmed by the form that you don't notice it as much there. We can expand it with this for now that that's an easy way to fix, but that's not the best.  Yeah, then I wouldn't worry.

25:50 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Let me see the other ones, the other controls then.

25:53 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Let me see, we don't have a big survey. I'll go to the app and test so yeah I think it's fine let's just ignore it okay let's ignore it for now it is app add more text yeah let's ignore it and add more text at the bottom of it yeah okay so no action points here I would say for now for now we'll probably come back to this page later and fix the UI got it so in terms I know Jao needs to leave so in terms of pass for today and tomorrow then it's the user management until Monday is that correct and then using the kind of existing parts and then it's the integrity hub correct but I'm sure we have a meeting on Monday if not we should put one in so then we can also decide on the next steps is that correct oh we have one on Monday so yeah okay so yeah so yeah according to the to the estimation I think that

27:01 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Where is the estimation? I think it was like five hours like today and tomorrow.

27:06 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Like if you do today and Monday or like, okay.

27:09 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So, so on the JIRA cards, we can come here and of course we can also say these things on site just as we get more comfortable with the tools.  The JIRA cards, there's an original estimate here of five hours. So, yeah, I, I suppose it will be done on Monday.  should be done on Monday. Correct. Yes.

27:29 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  And I guess the Monday is time difference because there's a time difference now when we meet, if we were to meet, would we not, it would be Monday, end of day, your time, right?  Or is there like a halfway point that we can get some feedback and then we can get some feedback and then, you know, finalize it by the end of day Monday.  Is there, what do we to wait until Monday to get feedback?

27:52 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  We can ask Robert to send screenshots ASAP, between yesterday, I mean, the. the short answer is it depends. The short answer is yes, there should be something we can send you in the meantime.  However, and this is really important, if there's a screenshot or like a preview of what's happening, and immediately a lot of comments pop up, which is normal, and this correcting these smaller things is like an aesthetic thing, like, oh, I don't like scholar or anything.  Those things, I think, are easier for the end until the flow. So for these intermediary feedback sessions, I would focus the most on the flow, the architecture of things.  So I actually gotta go now. I'll send some questions over Slack. I won't have time to explain them here, but there's a question for me that around this thing, designed at the center and employed forms, because it's  It feels like something that's bigger and I don't have a lot of context yet here. And also the carbon porting design, as I understand it, it's listed at something that needs to be done in early.  Yeah. And yeah.

29:14 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Exactly. I think we need to maybe have a longer conversation where we kind of walk through some of these more complex ones.  So maybe we should try to find some time next week to work through that so that you could be planned for early February ready once we kind of break it down even more.

29:29 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah. We can find a timing on Monday for that. And also I suggest we set up all the design things at the same time for next week straight away.  We just make it a habit. And then we can always know that weeks ahead that we'll have a design thing at that time.  Just create the recurring event is my suggestion.

29:50 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah. I have some meetings already set up next week to move around it, but definitely the week after we could just keep it on the same time and the day before that.  I'm going to that from Wednesday to Friday.

30:01 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  I'm off on vacation, but we will manage that through the weekend, day by day weekend. But I agree with consistency, agree, I'm up all up for that.  Got it.

30:11 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, so I'll send you some questions afterwards on Slack. Thank you, and I gotta go. All right, thank you.

30:18 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  All right.

30:20 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay.

30:21 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Mal, do we stay here? We can go to the next call, maybe. Let's go to the next call. Okay.