Design Sync - January 20
VIEW RECORDING - 52 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/4t_9sYNZGMh2se4UBTM5cGmoyKwfGxev

---

0:03 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Sorry, my mute, how are you?

0:05 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Hi, hi. Hello. Hello.

0:14 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So, Maurice will not be joining this one? Yes, Maurice. Will Ivan join? It should be.

0:25 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Okay.

0:27 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Did he say he's not going to make it?

0:31 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I can't remember what, or can he say this earlier? We can start three or two. I can't remember what Ivan said if he's joining or not.  I to make it. You'll join meeting now.

1:08 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay.

1:09 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  All right. Okay.

1:16 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So I have some, some things we can discuss if related to the work that is being done. I don't know if we should start with something else.

1:25 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  No, I think it's good.

1:28 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Sorry.

1:30 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  All right.

1:32 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So quickly going back to the review style stuff. So I saw that Romeo did something here and you've commented, Abby, on changing the previous table colors that they did with a new design as the process has changed quite a bit.  There are not so many different tags at this point and we'll be using the main dashboard for these updates.  Anything you want to add to it? Is that the compliance map one?

2:06 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Oh, you're not looking at my screen. I thought I was here.

2:12 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Window, there's some themes. Yeah, this one. one. A bit controls page to have similar open field to latest policies.  I think that's the one that Romeo just made, right?

2:24 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Correct.

2:26 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay.

2:28 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  What was my comments, like the red and the yellow part of it?

2:34 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  This thing, yes, and this thing as well.

2:39 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, I was just noticing that the red some of our pilots are like, I just want somebody to tell us what I need to do if there's something not working, right?  often times on compliance you use red, green, and that. But I was just reflecting that it's a pink, like so that people don't like it's not alarming.  You know, I mean that they might not see that it needs to be done so we can make it more of a Reddish color that was something is like a more of a minor point around that um, I think Yeah, uh, is that is that the only thing that uh caught your attention?

3:16 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  there other things? No, I think the rest of it was fine. It was just more of like a like a comment on that got it so So Question regarding that.  Do you think that's that change would be something that we could explore after the deadlines that they are in place right now?

3:36 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, I I guess I guess it depends on like How long is it going to take like for Romeo to test out another color?  know, like I don't know like if it's like 15 minutes Or like or if it's like he has to look at the whole design thing.  Then yes, maybe we should kind of wait I think I don't think that the biggest cost of this test could be in the

4:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  design. I think the biggest cost of this test could be in going back to everything and making sure the code reflects that.  I don't know, maybe this is a param, you have parameters for this, Ivan. I don't know if it's easy to just change the code in one place.  Yes, in one place, there's no inline.

4:18 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  It's not in one place, but it shouldn't be a problem. that's, that's like, you have like a color thing, it wants all of these reflected that and then it would just we have some, some we don't because it's not consistent in the design, so we couldn't have that.  So, but it's simple change for us. It's maybe like half an hour at most or something like that. We just need to find all the places and replace it wherever needed.  But so it's like just replace a string. So it's like half an hour maybe of the work. Got it.

4:47 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Still, I gotta say, considering the deadlines for the of the January, is this a high ROI sort of both design and development time because it seems to be that this is something that can be easily changed if we were on a more comfortable timeline for sure but it seems to be some time pressure so my suggestion here would be to create a card for this so we don't use this and put it on the to-do list.  Yeah, that's fine.

5:24 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  It's not like the most urgent thing but it's more just, yeah, I didn't know. I didn't know that it would like kind of derail process or anything like that so it's fine.

5:36 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, so if you feel that it's like not it's like, yeah, then let's move it on but I'm thinking if we test different colors then that's fine but we can look at the whole color scheme later on.  Yeah, because there's two kinds of cost. don't know if we've discussed this which is the cost of doing things and the cost of managing multiple  and changes that are all in one place and stuff like that. And those things, as the software increases, it becomes more difficult not to create a little change, but to remember that that thing was changed in some specific place.  So yes, we can create. Maybe this will. Let's go. Okay. yeah, it's here. Try out. Perfect. Okay. So on that thing, I got it.  me just comment on that so we don't lose it. So other than that, do you consider this task to be?  If finished. Yeah, I think it's fine.

7:04 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Ivan isn't. Yeah, no, it's fine.

7:07 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  We're all implementing this. okay, perfect.

7:15 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Forums, design, risk assessments, we've touched on this. Who may I change some the news here?

7:25 - Romeu Rodrigues
  I don't know, but she's working on the group. Colleague, are you finished here?

7:31 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  That's right. Okay, so this one not in review.

7:34 - Romeu Rodrigues
  So this one is not in review, it's in progress, correct?

7:36 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  think it's in progress. Okay, better.

7:40 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So we're working on this.

7:43 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Anything is blocking you? Anything that you need help with, Romeo?

7:50 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Yeah, I think it's in review. need to this airframe to create groups, right? I was focusing more on... in the management of users, I need to evolve this for groups, for groups I think I need to understand a little bit this part of the creation of groups, of making the management of the groups in itself and adding the users, I think I need to advance to this stage Have you seen the video of Moon that I played on Slack?

8:19 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yes, I mean actually that one there, the previous one of the Moon, yes, I I saw it When I was not to access it, I saw that conversation that you marked on the screen This one?

8:33 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Have you seen this one?

8:36 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yes Ok, here I play a little bit in groups, but if it is clear, I can make it a little clearer Sorry guys, I can't So regarding Ivan's comments, user management, not group management, correct?  Title It's wrong, think, I should have kept the time for, so, just, you know, title of the thousand, yeah.

9:06 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  We can deactivate this little... didn't we change this?

9:10 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, I thought we did, but I saw it here, I mean, it's a minor change, just wanted to point it out so that we don't need all three of these, so...  Oh, it didn't... it didn't save. Save?

9:23 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Oh, okay. Yeah, weird.

9:27 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, so, who may... this task, what you're doing is the user management, but this is on the task of group management, okay?  So, we will probably merge these two things, right? So, user management and group management done together. So, it would be actually the two cards in one.  Group management is not very clear yet for Abby and Yvonne, correct? What do you mean by that? The way we are thinking about the group management, I don't think it's explicit enough for you guys to have an opinion on it.  It's too vague, correct?

10:13 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, I didn't see anything related to group management yet, or maybe I forgot about it, so maybe you can send a link again or show me.

10:22 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  No, it makes sense that it's not fully clear yet, because in the long video what shows is like group management would go here.  So there's no more detail than that, you'd need more detail. Yeah, I would like to see the more detail, but I also said keep it simple.

10:37 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  yeah. Correct.

10:40 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So, Rumeu, about that, the group management, you and I are to create a more detailed vision for it, to understand the management of the groups, which is a different management of the users.  We're to do that together. Tiranda, from Ivan's do have any questions? No, sense. And do you have a screenshot or something that you want to show here?  No, the tests were already in progress.

11:12 - Romeu Rodrigues
  I had already seen what these two were about. Now I'm take these details from progress. This is really important.

11:22 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So we need to show the full experience of somebody receiving an email and signing in for the...

11:29 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  the email, just the invitation screen. It can look same as we have current login, but I need you to draw the screens.  You can keep it simple for now, the same as current login, but I need those screens too. Yeah, I'll need to create another task for this.  Yeah.

11:54 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Relate to... It's email Okay, yeah, why doesn't it do this? It's clear that this is error, isn't it?

12:44 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  I don't Do you understand what card I'm making here?

12:49 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I don't know Perfect No I can't imagine anything What this one? No, it would be...

13:03 - Romeu Rodrigues
  In fact, I'm to retake this one from the group, right? I was looking at the window there, and also as soon as I finish the rest access route.  Well, but what you're doing, despite the name being this one, what you're doing is not from group, it's from the user management, right?

13:17 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Uh-huh. Okay. From here I'm going to increase the priority to be together. That's it. Okay. Okay. For me, it's showing up here on my board.

13:31 - Romeu Rodrigues
  It's from the RISC. This one?

13:35 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  You should have some filter here activated.

13:38 - Romeu Rodrigues
  No, in fact, it already appeared on top of a... Share it.

13:45 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Can you share your screen, please? So it can diagnose what's not appearing. Thank you. So do you see up there filters, quick filters, next to it there's agropar, agropar, agropar I've listed out some questions I had, changing ton of web correct, there's a task here that I'm still not entirely sure about what it means.  So I wanted to have more clarity on that. This one. I'm not sharing. Yeah. Okay. Okay. this one. Design data center and employee feedback forms on controls.  Not very clear to me what this is. Can you give me more detail? Design data center and employee feedback.

15:32 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah. So I think this is more of a, I would say, right now we don't have a real flow for the for the environmental controls.  Like if they need to be done, like, I think we just have some forms and that's there, but it's not like if somebody goes in, like, and I'm not sure that we have all of, like, it really thought out in the right way.  Like right now, just like what Romeo had done was I give him a form and we say, hey, copy this form, right?  But this form has never gone through kind of a UX UI thought process. Does it make sense? step one, step two, step three.  And that's what I'm hoping to do with you, Xiao. First, just like put the design outside. If you were to strategically have someone walk through this process, would it take three steps?  Would it take five steps? Would it take one? Where would they start it out? And once we have that understood, then we can bring it to Romeo and even be like, okay, how would we actually draw it out?  But I think there's still some thought processes that we haven't really thought through on this. And that's what we used to do with Rui.  So like me and Rui, we would say, and sometimes Pinar would be there, but we'd kind of sit through and kind of walk through the process and he would try to draw it out and understand, okay, and use a mural board and be like, okay, I understand this.  And then from that, then Pinar would take it and then draw it out there. But I think we're missing that on a lot of these processes, especially on the east side.  because we haven't really done that because of the break and everything like that.

17:06 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Correct. So I've changed the title a little bit just to guide me a little bit more. So we have a session scheduled for this, correct?  Tomorrow, yeah. And that session should give us the starting point for this task. And after that, we will, you know, spread some design on it, correct?

17:28 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah.

17:29 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah. So this is...

17:42 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Got it.

17:44 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Perfect. Let's do that. Okay. So regarding questions, these were my questions, all of them I answered. I don't know if you have other questions.  Um...

18:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  No, just in terms of the user frame and group management, like what is our thinking about timing? we, like in terms of giving out more tasks, is it better to wait until our next sync tomorrow because he's going to have enough work or is it trying to like prioritize some of the other things that we might need?  Oh, that was the other one that you had, right? Yvonne, you had one of the questions that we need as soon as possible.

18:19 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  In there at the bottom, yeah, 587. I mean, that's the one of the priorities for the end of January.  yeah, we to go. So, this is highest priority?

18:30 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, I would say a lot.

18:32 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Along with user manual management, but I guess which one's higher, Yvonne, a bit too?

18:37 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  It's the same, I would say.

18:39 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  We need to do both.

18:40 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  you can even say which one would you rather have first, which one is the priority. But if you could choose, imagine that you can choose which one would you rather have.  So, let's order it like that, but we should have both.

18:52 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And in terms of this design, what we're discussing here is... Because the questions will change according to the training, correct?  Yeah.

19:05 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So the design is mostly placeholders.

19:08 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  here goes the question, here goes the question. you just put some question in.

19:14 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  The text will be defined later. We actually have the questions already that's in it.

19:18 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  It's in our tool right now.

19:20 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It's at like the last five pages of the training that's already in the tool. It was just manually made into like question and answers.

19:27 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  But as part of the ISO, you need to be able to confirm that you've tested them and that you've tested their knowledge.  So you could either take the questions at the back of the training or the last like five slides, or you could just make placeholder questions.

19:42 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It's fine.

19:43 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  How many questions?

19:45 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I think let's say five, did we say three to be minimum three to five?

19:52 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Mm-hmm. And they're not able to proceed until they've answered it correctly.

20:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  But I think it's like I want to make it simple that like you don't have like it just kind of holds them there It doesn't make them redo the question or do anything and just like wrong answer and then move on So they end up having a click through eventually they'll get there Move to the next question So the five questions they don't appear all at the same time in the screen, right?  No, I think they could know it should be like a One after the other Okay Okay, if the person gets the question wrong today just attempt the same question again, or is the question jumbled and they get No, that's too easy like they just uh, okay Okay  are there a limit to the retries to the what can they retry infinitely I would say yes I don't know if they'll put answers yeah therefore answers they will have at least three retries I guess right yeah I would let them why not but I I can't imagine that's like yeah leave it for now they come back and say it's not hard enough then it's yeah okay the the responses are there multiple answer are there specific types of response no multiple choice answer three choices five choices five choices design it so that it can be two and it can be ten at most or seven eight I don't just try to

22:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  try to put some reasonable number. I think five is probably like the multiple choice, like, I wanted to say, like, yeah.

22:07 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, because the two is good for yes and no, right? two is useful as well. Okay, I think two.  We also need a, do we need a screen that tells, congratulations, you did it, very good. You got as many questions, right?  Yeah, just congrats, you passed.

22:26 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I don't know if you have to get the question, like, yeah, three out of five, because we're allowing them to, like, go through without passing it, so I congrats on passing.  But every, after they pass, is it then you consider that you completed the policy training or do the training certain policy?  Yeah, they have to pass in order to.

22:45 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So after you answered the final question correctly, that's the same as clicking I acknowledge on the training, I went through the training, right?  Okay. Yeah, at least for that one, yeah.

22:55 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So no need for, okay. But we need to show that. you've got a question right right if if I got it wrong it just gets red I suppose yeah if I get it right just confetti whatever green turns to the next one correct yeah okay yeah I think I think this is probably enough Romeo I don't know I don't know if you can understand in the final session of training it's important that people answer some questions so my suggestion is that we just finish what's in progress before jumping into something that's still to do to avoid switching costs because it always takes a little bit more  change between tasks? Are we comfortable with that?

24:03 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah but how long do you think it will take for Romeo to finish the the stuff on at least the why I guess the main point is the wireframe view and the view of user management.  The risk assessment I guess is not as urgent correct because we're trying to like we're trying to launch the policies, procedures and trainings module by the end of this month so then 10 days we want to have the policies, procedures and trainings ready to launch and you need user manual group management I mean and then you need the quiz in order to make it launch.  So I would say that takes priority over maybe the forms redesign the top one. Yeah I can't remember what that one is that's for risk assessment so that's another section I guess forms audit forms control.  Yeah. Yvonne, which one was this one? remember the forms control structure? Yeah, that's for the risk assessment one, for example.

25:09 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So the one that we have, you are... Oh, this is the environmental risk assessment part, yeah. So this one needs to be done.

25:16 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, it's not a priority in terms of immediate launch, but it does need to be done probably in two or three weeks after that part.  But we have kind of an immediate... So I would probably put this one lower than the final quiz. Because we have, Yvonne, we have the other part already done, right, which is the...  On the policy management, like the side table thing of when it was created and signed off by Pug and stuff.  No, but it's in plan.

25:48 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  will be in two or probably, or this week, in terms of design-wise, we don't need anything.

25:55 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  One thing was the... I don't know, this is a... Yeah, so I would kind of maybe move that basic wireframe, yeah, that or that environmental risk management.  Yeah, I would put it down and put the final quiz, yeah, like, yeah, higher than that. in terms of things to focus on.  final quiz is so the columns are not prioritized.

26:15 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, yeah, yeah, okay, yeah.

26:17 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Okay, so yeah, so then there's those three. One thing is like the internal approver process, Yvonne, I know we're not implementing that yet, but I think that we might end up getting like some requirement for that.  do we have a drawing already? Like, Panar made a drawing for that, that if we want like... yeah, but I'm not sure if everything is there, but I think there are designs.

26:47 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  For that, so we don't need to do that.

26:49 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Okay, yeah.

26:51 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  But I mean, it would be good to...

26:53 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  And also, I think the drummer added a new design, he also added a review section, but we need to...  Go again over the whole workflow of reviewing the one the time comes and see if we are missing something.  I have a feeling that we're missing something.

27:08 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I have a feeling that we're missing something within the policies. We need to see that up first. Let's see, and then we'll see what we are missing.

27:17 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Let's do these things first. Okay.

27:20 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So we have another meeting anyway tomorrow in the theater so we can see. But then I guess that's enough for Romeo to work on while we're trying to get the other parts.

27:29 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So Romeo, relatively there are user management. How is the progress for you? When do you think it depends on me?

27:44 - Romeu Rodrigues
  I think we can start quickly on this process of creating the groups there, but let's finish this tomorrow where we present.  The part without the groups, is it almost done?

27:54 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yes, it's almost done.

27:56 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Okay.

27:57 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So user management, not group management, but user management. Management is pretty much done. question for you. User management, would you to present tomorrow even if the group session is not complete?  Yes. OK. So this part, user management, without the groups, tomorrow will be ready. And you guys can see it.  And Romeo and I will shape up the group management. And maybe there's more stuff to show about group management tomorrow, but at least the user management tomorrow will be functional for you guys to see.  OK.

28:37 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  And then the one after, and then the quiz design will be probably by Wednesday, I guess. I suppose so.

28:48 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  these things get finished before, yeah, as soon as these things finish, this thing takes the next priority, right? Because this is the highest priority.

28:57 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah. Okay, and then, then even is there for the development side on policies, procedures and trainings, is there anything that we can like test now to see if there's anything else that needs to be, do we have, you know, do we have the way two weeks to be like to test it to see if there's that we can.

29:20 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  you need to wait maybe a day or two for and then we can test play side, for example.

29:25 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Okay, so maybe on Wednesday, then when we meet together, we could all test employees side together to see if there's any rules that needs to be created for once.  Oh, yeah. But you can still test it and Borna will be here.

29:38 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So if you need something, he'll be familiar with everything so that you can continue. but I'll write the message and I will talk tomorrow about the plan for the rest of the week.  Okay.

29:52 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Speaking of meetings.

29:55 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Can we can we use this opportunity to maybe schedule.

30:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  meetings at the same time for the following weeks, because I think we have only two.

30:06 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, actually we have to move the one on Monday, because we have a meeting with Zanetta. then, what time is 2.30 pm CT in Brazil?

30:26 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So it could be half past 11. Right now, the time meeting, apologies. Right now on your side in CE is half past three, correct?  And the question you asked was, what time is it in Brazil?

30:47 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So it's not that kind of friends. Something if we had a call, if we had a regular design, seems like 2.30.

31:02 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Like if you go to the 27th, I guess, yeah, the week of the 27th, yeah, a 27th. Yeah, that one.

31:09 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah. Yeah. Cause we have like that. We have net, uh, I get to, um, a two year time, three my time, so it'd be one 30 year time in Portugal and then we have Aberdeen, we have Aberdeen, too.  Next, um, we're starting guys for guys set up all the pilot ones after summer. Cause I was hoping that we can start kicking things off.  Um, yeah. could one 30, one 30 Portugal time to 30. Is that enough? Like, so like the Friday time, like we have a Friday.  We just have that every day.

31:43 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I need to check.

31:45 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I might need to move some days. Uh, I don't think so.

32:09 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So last week we did a couple of them around four o'clock CET, and they worked well, would they work well for you guys?  CET?

32:22 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  It's not ideal, I think for the last week of February we can do that, but I think longer term we would need to change it, I need to get home and pick up kids by five and different things.  But I think if we do it just for next week, I can do it for that 4 p.m.

32:39 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, so we are on this week, and next week we are aiming at, oh, I'm not... So yeah, so it be after, yeah.  Okay, me see how this looks from 3.4, okay, edit, edit, edit, edit, edit, Okay, so there's probably now a couple of that showing up on your agenda, just let me know if they fit with everything else you have.

33:41 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, so the design things on Fridays, that 130 to make it easier. Yeah. Okay, but this thing is something that we can do as sync.

34:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Regarding the, so I've asked all my questions. think you guys have asked all your questions. have now some estimates for tomorrow.  We have some tests that are a little bit more clear. have discussed.

34:14 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  For so this week, we have like an even on holiday, but like we have meetings with huge or rain.  We have meetings with we have meetings with occur carbon capture and the next week we have some.

34:30 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Meetings with our pilots and you mentioned I kind of talked about like, what can we have ready for that Tuesday meeting?  Which that 1 o'clock with, uh, like them and then what do we, you know, what do we say?

34:42 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  what do we say to the pilots?

34:45 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  know, we're ready to, like, for you to actually.

34:47 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Like for, for, for hydro and like occur and the Zenetta, I don't think they're ready for any big launch.  So they would probably more just want to be able to play in the tool and kind of, you know, look around it and do that.

34:59 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  But like.

35:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  But can I, like, I think it's scheduled to be on that meeting too, or do we want to ask them like design questions, you know, like, oh, look at this is what we have now and then get more like do some of the same or do we as a more like I had kind of said, it's like, oh, we'll kick up at the end of June, January, hoping that our product would be ready to like kind of plan the kickoff and everything like that.  Like, yeah, aren't you any thoughts because we and then because yeah, it looks like we have we have some meetings coming up.  Oh, and this week, too, I have strikes on Wednesday. I don't I don't see it in your calendar. So yeah, it's not in your calendar, because it's a it's a face to face meeting.  But yeah, so what should we say to these people?

35:41 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Oh, sorry, sorry about this.

35:45 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Go ahead.

35:45 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, I mean, so plan is so tomorrow, I guess by the end of the day, we probably have and play portal most of the stuff without the training questions because that's we have waiting for design for that.  And then admin portal. it's probably sometime by the end of this week start of next week approximately so that's when we will have the new updates on those slides and then we'll probably need another like we have suggested end of month maybe a little bit of start of February but by the end of month we should be able to be done with most of the things that we talked about on these policies, communication and trainings pages.

36:23 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Does it make sense to try to push all of these meetings back two weeks and have something to present or is it enough to give?  What's expectation?

36:31 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  What's the expectation from them?

36:32 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  What's their expectation of these meetings?

36:35 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Well I it's more like yeah well I set this up and like you know before holiday and like middle of December being like hey you know like let's set a meeting after January to kind of plan the kickoff and how we're going to kind of move forward on this right so I was hoping the tool would be ready for them to kind of like click around and use and that and like are we going to be ready?  Before that or is it okay that I wouldn't I wouldn't pressure it for them to click it because then we will just rush it.

37:07 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  If it's not that important, I would rather kick into meetings than down the road or meetings with them and discuss the plan.  But I would rather maybe have the first option, just move the meetings and then we'll discuss it once we have something.  Once we have policy communications, we can then ask them to when will the policy part be done that I can kind of run the policy part.  But once it's already done, it's just the design is not the latest and there are a couple of things missing and so on.  but what is the new latest design going to be in there? I think the latest design next week, I guess it should be next week.

37:41 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  It's not this week might be by the end of this week.

37:48 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  But I wouldn't, you know, we will still be missing some things like any questions and that type of stuff.  So I wouldn't I would rather risk it. Did these meetings then maybe show them what the currents take?

38:05 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, because I call it that kickoff in the meeting on both of these. just don't want to delete like we're so like...  Or we can throw them the employee portal and tell them, oh, this is what we have, this is going playside, looks like, but I'm not sure if they will understand the whole picture without seeing the whole picture.

38:26 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So if they see only one side, I'm not sure that will be good enough. Not like good enough, but I think the best will be for them to see the whole flow.  set up a policy and then employees will fill in the policy, or complete the policy, change and communications.

38:42 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, or make it take also like take the screenshot of like what the new policy ones are that Romeo has made and then like show that and then say, okay, we're gonna get that ready, but maybe I think it could be good that we...  And I don't know maybe how you don't need to be on these meetings that you can think about like what would be good, but like I can do what I did with with Cognite and I could be like, Hey, this is kind of what our tool is, but let's start offline and let me see what policies you have.  And we can like so that we can upload them onto our tool, you know when it's ready and it's going to look like this.  And then these are and then like if you're okay, we can start like so start doing some of the offline things first with them, you know, be like, okay, let me gather all of your stuff so that when it's ready in two weeks, we're going to actually upload it.

39:29 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  We're these documents into the portal so that it would be tailored.

39:33 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  our is our is our portal setup for multiple people to be on it onto their own instance.

39:38 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Organizations.

39:39 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, like their own organization and we need test it.

39:42 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  We need to test if we forgot to put the somewhere the limits to not see each other data. But yeah, the plan was to be separated by the organization.  So each organization and its own place should should be. So I can ask them I can maybe take a photo like a screenshot of some of our messages.

40:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  like look we're almost ready to start putting your documents in or the testing in in February in two weeks so please give me online maybe maybe mention February or February or something like that try to not be too specific but still be specific like it's February yeah okay Xiaoxiao do you feel like you need to be in these meetings or is there anything that you can get from them or is it not needed or what do you think these are with our private customers I think it all depends on I can be I have the availability my point is if there's one thing that we want to extract out of these meetings what is that thing do we want feedback on the design we want to learn from the problems that will help us create better features we want them to get a sense of progress that we're moving all these things are slightly different and they shape the conversation I think I would like to know like what do we need from them or what do they need from us to start testing it  potentially launching it within their company you know like if like we're making the assumption policies procedures and trainings is all they need right and they could start testing it and giving us feedback but like what you know I don't know like uh is that enough and then like what you know what else do they like to see you know if they needed to have any like is a risk management is a third party is a control like I think I know the answer I think it is controls but like to kind of get them to be like okay now you have control you have policy procedures ready okay I want to see controls and then I'm going to start using your thing and then we're going like my thing is like it takes a process internally for them to go yes right like right now we've just been talking they need to suddenly go back to their management saying like okay we're doing this or oh we are going to test this right and the longer we take and then that's going to take some process right so it's actually better that we get them to start thinking about that you know meet with them and say okay we need to look at your policies procedures and trainings or we need to see what step do you want to do next who  do you need to talk to to make sure that we get it? What documents do we need to be able to set you up so that we can launch this?  have that kind of discussion so we can kind of read them. Cause some of them will be like, don't want to move forward.  And then you know, other ones are like, okay, here are my governance documents. Let's move forward. Streis might be like, okay, I want to start on that side.  I don't know. I think it's more like, how do we start getting them on to test it, right? what do they need to test it?  yeah. So I think these are interviews. These are not feedback sessions.

42:30 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay. Yeah. I don't think we'd even need to show them anything. We could like, just to give them a sense of progress that we're not standing still.  could just begin with some screenshots, but I'll literally put a timer like on my phone and next to me to remember like, after five minutes, we're like, okay, so we want to explore your reality, we're not trying to show you what we've done.  We want to learn from your context, right? And then, Turn that into an interview where we ask a lot of questions about how our decisions made, how many people need to approve, how it was last time they needed to hire new software, what are possible champions inside of the company.  Questions like that that do not require us to show work because I think if we start showing them screens, two things will happen.  First they will start thinking about what they're seeing and they will try to be nice and it tells us it looks very nice, but that's not new information for us.

43:33 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  is not a useful conversation because it doesn't add anything.

43:36 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  But if we just put the shift back to them and ask them about these things, about like implementation details, I think that's really valuable information for us that we couldn't get anywhere any other way.  So it's a really good use of interview time.

43:55 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, maybe it's of like, I think it's good, I think we could talk about at least show them. you know this is what the policies is being done and then like do some screenshots and say like in two weeks it will be ready for you to actually test out or like in February or whatever it'll be ready for you to actually test out and go in and like set up your login and set up your organization so that you can look at it.  But you know given that you were so close to this I wanted to see you know what would you need from the organization to actually start using this you know like you clicked around and let's say that you do like it or you don't because I can imagine a lot of them will be like before I even want to show it to the organization I want to click around and see if it makes sense you know and then I'll decide whether or not to move into the organization but I guess maybe even to have them start thinking about okay let's let's assume that you do like it and it is a kind of a tool because it's the same thing that we've been showing you and you know what would you need from us like you know do you know do you want us to create some policy for you do you like what are you missing or like trying to you know how do we like I guess I'm trying to extract for them like what do they need to  get them to also start thinking that they need to do something and start talking to the right people. It's kind of like Zenetta, right?

45:05 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  When we're like, what are you doing around this?

45:07 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  And they're like, okay, no, now I need to get ABC and this person involved into a meeting and you need to be able to meet with them so that they understand what you're doing.  It's the same thing with like, maybe Hydro or like the other ones is like, okay, now you're ready to test and you think it's interesting as you test.  What is it going to, what do you need to make sure that it can go to the next step?  Does that make sense? Because it's not just them testing. They're going need the whole organization on it, right? They're going to need all the employees that go on the employee portal and that, right?  it'd be showing them a screen is not the same as them testing. But I think showing them a screen shows progress and it gives them a visualization because they haven't seen the tool and like, you know, they kind of forget what it is.  So it's kind of like, like, I think we should, I can, I could put it together just like, here are some screenshots here where we are, we are getting ready to launch, it kind of brings them back.  But it's like, okay, what would you need? to be able to, ideally, it'd be cool if you could just show them the tool and say, okay, all you need to do is upload this, but it's not ready.  So what can we say? What I've noticed about compliance people, and I think even I noticed this with Telenoid, they're very visual, right?  Like they need to be able to see something, first understand, okay, this is where it is and then what do I need to do?  So we need to set some visual thing and that can be the screenshots of the ones that Romeo has updated on controls and policies, and we can be like, we've updated it now.  These will be policy procedures and will be ready to launch and the controls will be soon after in February.  So what do we need from you to get the organization on and to test it? I don't know. Yeah, because some of them would seem pretty, like, yeah, we'll test it, they're like, Cognite was the first one that said, like, I want to go in and I want to go all in, like, that's the only one.  The other ones are like, yeah, like, I want to see how it launches.

46:55 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Like, Stryce might be the next one, you know?

46:57 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  But the other ones aren't like... Like, yeah, okay, you know, let me see it when it comes out, but they haven't like confirmed that the organization is going to actually launch and use it, right, which is what we need, we need all of our pilots, like, to get to see around, we need all of our pilots to be using this and to actively use it and to want to use it with an organization.  You know, absolutely understood.

47:19 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I get that. The point is, this is a very large platform, which has a lot of parts, and it's very difficult to show it to them in a way that leaves enough room for a discussion.  So if we have a call with them and we show them the screens, they need time to process this.  And we are not at the stage where you can just give them access and let them play around with it with dummy data.  So we can have a very intense conversation with them that will feel productive, but I think they won't come out of it.  more convinced that this thing is ready just because we show them a lot of flows, right? I think that objective of convincing them that we are making progress, we can reserve a little bit of of the call, the call times, a little guys, we have done these things, we show them a few screens, but not too many, just a few, like before and after maybe, maybe check, we've done this thing, this thing, this thing, this thing, this this thing, and then they get the sense, okay, so Fortify is a serious company, they are moving forward, right?  Because I feel that this is the question behind this display of progress. So as we display this, as we convey that we're making this progress, my suggestion would be to shift the discussion into learning about how to sell to groups of people at their company, right?  Because nobody makes a decision like this on their own. So there's questions about this, like, anyway, I think you've understood my exit.  Also my strategy, to rate rate, would be ask more than we show and really focus on not so much what they need from a functional aspect, but more what they need to sell a decision.  Because people don't know what they need. They'll keep saying, oh, I want more integrations. want AI.

49:23 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  That's not helpful.

49:25 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  But if they tell us, oh, yeah, that was that one project that took us a long time to close, but the moment they show the ROI of whatever, everybody understood the value and they have they thought it.  I think this is really important stuff for us that we cannot get in other conversations. My suggestion would be that to shape the conversation in that way.  Okay. Sorry, that was a multiple. No, no, no, I was I don't know what the right answer is.

49:51 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I just know that we have a call with HydroRain tomorrow. so, yeah, we can try it with them and then see.  if it doesn't work out, we can cancel. the other meetings that we have for the other week or move it back.  They're all quite friendly. It's just that I think I'm getting more nervous. It's like hydro rain. We've been talking since like March of last year, right?  It's like, it's like almost a year that we've been talking to them and haven't been able to show them any, like, you know, like something tangible, right?  That they have. And so I'm just like, a little bit nervous of a kind of like, when I was like, oh, we're like, and the title of it's called kickoff, right?  And then we go like, oh, yeah, by the way, like, we don't have it ready. And maybe we'll have in two weeks that you can do that.  So it's more like, okay, we're ready.

50:34 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I think it should be like, we're getting ready for kickoff.

50:37 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  And like, in order to do this, we want to understand, is there anything else we need, like, you know, from the organization, like, you know, where we could put an example of your policies and whatever, so that it's when we give it to you in the tool in two weeks, it's like, it's filled with the information that you have, so that you can test it in.  I think something, something along the lines of that, like, you know, give us some of your policies and then we'll test them.  Yeah.

51:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  That's a very good angle, because we could show them a little bit of stuff and then start to put the idea of them using these in their mind, right?  Oh, what kind of things, that's a very good angle for the conversation.

51:10 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, or like, do you have any training, do you any communications, do you have any policies that we can actually take it?  then so we have it and put it into your instance or into your portal that when you test it out, it's there.  Let's kind of, yeah, let's do that. And then you could ask yourself some of your questions in terms of like, what else would you need?  Who else would need to see this? Like, we could be like, you know, who can you give us a list of like, discuss who else would need to test this out with you, you know, to look at it to feel comfortable and using it or something like that.  So, yeah, okay, no, I think, okay, this is a good brainstorming session that, okay, then I think we can, we can talk, we have a meeting tomorrow, so we can talk briefly around that too.  But I'll make an appointment, a meeting reminder for me to create a presentation for pilots.

51:51 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah. Okey-dokey.

51:53 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Okay, great. All right, then we leave it there. Okay, thank you.

51:58 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  All right, I'll do it.