---
title: Aker Biomarine/Fortifai (Pilot feedback)
date: '2024-12-02T14:00:00.000000Z'
duration: 30m
participants:
- João
- Abbey Lin
source: https://fathom.video/calls/189650106
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:36:30.670078+00:00'
---

Aker Biomarine/Fortifai (Pilot feedback) - December 02
VIEW RECORDING - 31 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/SSmxU5AqGjPSyeeDPgVTswzVeA_UFfLz

---

0:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So what time is it there now it's 11 What time is better for you for meetings is it better the morning or early morning or afternoon like in general For me personally or for me for us in Brazil, so You personally I'm thinking like it's a people Yeah, so The because we are three hours behind history to four hours maybe four Hey, Lars, hello, hi, how are you doing?  Yeah, thanks yourself Do not write busy period Yeah, So Um, I don't know if really in Pinar, um, I don't think they're going to be able to join because they're like Friday was kind of near the end of their scope of engagement.  But we have now, um, no, no, who is actually, um, has worked with them before in Brazil, because eggs had a Brazilian team.  So Joe actually comes from them and like one of his colleagues, so they're actually taking over the UX UI design process and it's been quite smooth.  So that's been really good. But, um, but yeah, so I don't know if Mao is going to join this.  Joe, otherwise we can kind of jump in because I realized our call last time with the other pilots like we ran out of time.  So it's maybe it's good that we're going to jump in. But Joe, do you want to introduce yourself first?  can do that. Hello, Lars.

1:45 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  I'm Joe. Yeah, I'm part of the design team here in Brazil. It's a very international global project. And we are taking, um, taking the stuff from the from X that is a really good job at laying out  architecture of everything, and now we are honing in on details on the experience and specific flows. So we'll be talking a little bit more, and for us it's really valuable to have these conversations, to hear your side, your expectations, what you think about what you've done and so forth.  thank you for having me here. Thanks, nice to meet.

2:24 - Lars Jacobsen (Aker BioMarine)
  Nice to meet you. Laura, do you want to introduce yourself just very briefly?

2:27 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I've given some background then. Yes, of course.

2:30 - Lars Jacobsen (Aker BioMarine)
  So my name is Lars Jacobsen, I'm the General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer with Acre Bi-Marine. I've been here for close to eight years.  Cover obviously all things legal and compliance. I've been lucky enough to be admitted to this pilot with Abby and had some interesting discussion so far.  yeah, just trying to contribute and hopefully end up joining us as a eventually when we have, yeah, I mean, our complex work is, I think we're kind of a core customer, we're just going for that Honda, still like at the metaphor with me.  So I think that's where we are. So yeah, looking forward to it. Cool. Yeah.

3:25 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  And we are still on the Honda pass. I'm glad that you're saying that. And we're also trying to plan for the new year.  So we've been having a really big push on the development wise. And so I'll show you a little bit on that.  So we're hoping by the end of December, we'll get a big bulk of it pushed. And then in January, February, actually start testing it out and seeing.  And we're also checking with the pilots, because we've been kind of talking about kind of two tracks that ISO 14001, which maybe you guys have, do you have the 14th, the environmental management system?  That one? No, we don't have that one. We have a track of some companies like Cognite that wants to go.  I saw 14,001, but then there's some other ones that want 37,001, which is the compliance management system. So you don't have to get an ISO, but we've set up and I'll show you this on our plan as we've set it up so that you can pass the ISO very quickly.  We're actually talking with audit partners right now, in terms of getting a discount that you would get up working with us.  They recognize our technology, then you can get through an ISO very quickly and get that certification there. That's what we've been working on, but I can maybe share my screen and then go from there.  I wanted just for you to see where we are and then go. Let's see my windows. you see my computer?  Yes? We do. Yes. So this is actually the app.

4:49 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  So this is actually exciting to see that this is actually in development.

4:52 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Lars and what we have ready right now is the content area. So you have the risk assessment and the contacts with this.  any policies, training, and communication. And we've talked about that last time. So this is within the app, where you have a policy.  It's already set up, and that you can edit it, and you can deploy it, save it, deploy it there, and set a date for deployment.  And then go to trainings, and you have the same thing kind of set up around anti-bribery and corruption training that we've had, and then that people can go through it.  And it's pre-populated there, you can deploy it for, oops, I think that was coming in, that you could deploy it for use in tracking.  But, so this is, you've seen this part though, a version of this when we last spoke. So what we wanted to kind of show you is the other sections that we've done since then around this.  And we've kind of changed the design. Right now, this is our prototype. So you can see the design is slightly different.  because we added the plan do check act wording on the side, because this is exactly the wording that ISO uses.  have to be able to show what you've planned, you need to show what you've done, and you need to show you checked it and audit.  So we were trying to make this so an auditor would recognize everything that we do fits within the audit process.  So that's how we set it up there. So since we last talked, I think we showed you the policy.  I think you saw the control set up, right? Which was about conflict of interest and the survey. I think we showed you that, correct?  Yeah, I guess so what controls, how control?

6:41 - Lars Jacobsen (Aker BioMarine)
  I mean, just remind me how this, when close control.

6:46 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So if you think about, for compliance, chief compliance officer, you need to be able to monitor that employees are doing certain things around compliance.  So one is a general conflict of interest declaration survey that you can either send to Management or board every year that kind of declares their conflict of interest or anything that shares that they might have Then you have the annual ethics survey that you can send out and get like kind of a thing And then you have these ongoing things like you know reporting about government of interaction with government officials interacting with gifts entertainment So employees like you you would send out you have this already set up so that employees could actually submit You know make a similar kind of updating this You know submit a claim onto the from their portal so that they could submit it and then you would be able to Have visibility into that and that would go to dashboards and they would get a reminder of the to do that They need to do like they might need to report, you know read the conflict of interest Do the form annually they might need to do the training that has been launched to them So that you get a written record or audit trail that they have done it in case something goes wrong to be like Well, they have been trained not that we release the policy and they haven't read it It's that we have confirmation that they have read it So that's kind of the process and that's also required as part of the ISO to be able to show that you have the controls under under under  role there. So yeah, so that's a part of it. So since we talked with you, we've done a few more like third-party management.  I think we talked a little bit about this, going back to like the Toyota version or the Rolls Royce version of it, right?  And we really went for the Toyota version because I bought the Rolls Royce in my last company. It was like 80,000 euro annually just for that.  So a lot of the risk tier goes offline. I would say so we go step one, you know, overview of annual spend and procurement within your company and select the suppliers.  we give you kind of the directions on how you do it to arrive at the number. so you look into your country, product services, and then once you have the updated vendor list, then you would import it into the company and then you would manage it within the company and you would send them, you know, questionnaires that, you know, the typical supplier questionnaires that you would have there.  So that's kind of the thinking around this, like you have a questionnaire that you can send out for suppliers to respond to so that you can have that.  So it's like a simplified Toyota version of a third-party risk management, so that you wouldn't have to do a lot of that risk tiering within the system.  You do it offline, here's your highest risk ones, and then this is where we managed our highest risk suppliers into the system.  So not all of them. So this isn't like 60,000 suppliers, we do something on it. We have been discussing with another one of the awkward companies.  can have within the control setup, you can have something, I think we discussed this before, IDBs or like background checks on the companies.  And you can add that in here that you can track it here. But the third-party management is very much about the questionnaires that you send, the interactions, the meetings that you have, the follow-up that you're supposed to have and engage with the suppliers on that.  So that's that aspect. And then you have the risk assessment, again, which is a Toyota version of a risk assessment process.  We say that you familiarize yourself with the risk on ES or G there, and then you go back after that, then you collect baseline data from the company, so kind of step by step and tell you what you need to do.  So here, there's a list of, you know, here's the general ones. Since I have looked at these following things that you should be doing, Have you looked at external resources here?  Here's the link to it. Have you looked at internal resources like policies? All of this is, you have to say yes, because that's part of ISO.  And I kind of think I have to show that you've done the work, right? That most people would do offline anyway.  But you're kind of telling you have you done research on it here. And then we say, like, once you've done the research, then you can add the risk into the, yes, on them.  Then you add, you know, the notes here. So there's an audit trail on how you've done everything there. And then you have a questionnaire that you risk tier it from there, and then you get the risk.  So that's kind of this risk process that we have. It's been very high, very fast, but it's meant to be like a Toyota version of it that you're able to be able to track afterwards there.  let me see. But do you have any questions based on what you're saying? I know I'm showing it quickly because we're going to have some questions after this for you.

11:35 - Lars Jacobsen (Aker BioMarine)
  The first question would just be, mean, I guess maybe you've discussed it already, but is it going to be possible?  I mean, when you do third party risk management, then, for example, would it be possible to have screening tools implemented here, or is that part of the plan, or would that sit out?

12:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Sorry, I mean yeah, I've been looking at like there are like KYC vendors and I've like you know I've been talking with them and rather or not like we we can get like a deal with them and then we can use that and like kind of do some individual screening but I would say that we're not necessarily like a like a real-time screening of all the vendors right so it's kind of like and this is where the control group is discussing this with another company is like yeah do we say okay for the 20 or 30 that you're even a half we do you know this but then if you want to do like a pep check or a Dow Jones on all of those I'm not sure like you can track it in our system that you've done it but our system isn't going to automatically generate it for you do you know what I mean because that that ends up just becoming a Rolls Royce of like real-time you know API integration which will be you know synced with your supplier database then it just gets really more complicated into the territory which are trying to avoid so it's it's kind of like a balance of like where you can  store your evidence, maybe like it could be like you can outsource like and this is like actually some of our we're working with some like companies India that do like KYC so if you give them a whole list and then they they check it and then you upload the evidence in our tool that could be kind of a manual way of doing it but then you could show that it's been done but our tool is not going to like API it connected to Dow Jones and then have it on real time with the right names because that just gets really uh I think yeah that gets it to Rolls Royce territory and and the cost of the that so yeah that's the thing around makes sense yeah so so yeah so that's kind of the process looking at like 37,001 you think about compliance management system so it's really kind of implementing implementing it in a structure so that it can be done for me I think we could do it within nine to 12 weeks like you know if you like have the policies you do the risk assessment you get it in and then suddenly you have that love to be able to test that  that with you guys and see if that's actually possible. But that's also what we're doing with the 14,001, like how quickly, if we have everything set up like this, we have the pre-populated templates for training, for ISO standard, everything in there, all you need to do is deploy it and people need to confirm and see then you have all of the evidence ready to be able to show that it's working and continuously working, to be able to pass the ISO.  So that's kind of the thinking it's like, better understand like, yeah, from you guys, what is your timeline? is your thought, like, would you want to just focus on 37,001 instead of 14,001?  And just kind of hear it from you. Cause that's where this week we're meeting with all of our pilots and being like, okay, what direction do you want to go?  When do you have availability? So I have one is like, please start now because it's going to get really busy.  Another one's like, please start in February. So it's, I really like depends on you and your availability and your interest.  Yeah. Sorry, you say,

15:00 - Lars Jacobsen (Aker BioMarine)
  I mean, those figures don't really matter or mean that much to me. said there is, so what's it?

15:06 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So, so one is called 14,001, which is environmental management system.

15:12 - Lars Jacobsen (Aker BioMarine)
  Yeah, yeah. So it's a lot about like recycling and a lot of that. wouldn't, wouldn't use the, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah.

15:18 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah. So, and then, and then I would say that 37,001 is just actual love. It's like, it's like, it's just like the regulation really, like it's around anti bribery and corruption.  So what I've seen is that for tenders, like for RFPs and tenders for customers, especially the government sector, the 14,001 is more popular.  and then for, I would say for protecting the management and the board, the 37,001 is more popular. You know, so you kind of go, which one do you want?  So some of our clients were like, you know, I'm the head of legal. want to cover it with that.  want to focus on this. And that was like, okay, I'm getting a lot of pressure from the business to be able to say, what can I do in environmental management system?  So I want to do this. So that's, it's kind of

16:00 - Lars Jacobsen (Aker BioMarine)
  Yeah, whichever one yeah, I think yeah, I mean first just speak I'm probably in the last bucket You know had a legal trying to cover the business.  We don't really do tenders in that way So we don't get that request that often not in that format of this so My starting point would be kind of core business and bill on there Do the ABC initially and then work our way out No, that's fine.

16:31 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I think that's kind of what we've been discussing too So it kind of fits along the line and there's other companies that are doing that so I think that like so we have like a big push now in December to get the policies procedures the risk assessment policies procedures trainings Everything except for the reporting and auditing by the end of December and then it'll be ready like test out And then we kind of build it along the way and I think it's more like You know, we have what one company is like I want to get it done as soon as possible because they want the ISO  certification, we have another company like we don't care about the certification, so we have as time as we want, like we don't need to start it immediately.  So it's more like for you Lars, like if you're not going to go for the 37,001 certification, know, or if you're like, I want to go for it, but I don't have a rush to get it done in nine to 12 weeks, like then we can, you know, spread it out, or it's really flexible is what I'm saying.  So it's like, like, how would you like it? And we'll work around it for you.

17:28 - Lars Jacobsen (Aker BioMarine)
  And are not on a critical time at all. So I'm not going to, you know, request the super speedy anything really, you know, we are in a comfortable position, but we're looking for ways to improve and work smarter and have great flexibility in how we do that.  yeah, no big rush today.

17:49 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  And in terms of the for, for you are you that you have another person like would you be the main contact point or do you have someone reporting to you that can kind of  the information that we would need or to check or would it be you as part of this process?

18:06 - Lars Jacobsen (Aker BioMarine)
  Just me on compliance, I'm afraid. We are looking to add the team member on this because we see that this is shifting a bit and also because SG is kind of growing and evolving a bit and also with the reporting part, so it's kind of shifting to my territory and finance, so to so eventually we will probably have someone to own this a bit more, yeah, actually own it at the time so to speak, so depending on timeline it would probably sit with me initially but hopefully transition, so if we're looking at the heavy implementation phase that's something we should kind of take into consideration from our side and get going really.

18:52 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, and I think for with, especially with 37,001 it's not as a heavy implementation in the sense that like a lot of it is the controls that you need to deploy and then when the controls come in, like if somebody has a conflict of interest then you know they report it and then you need to follow it in.  So and I don't anticipate you know it doesn't take like a lot of people are not going to have it but the point of that is to have the control that if it does happen in the future.  So I think it's more that you know you'd have to confirm that the policy um that we make when we make the policy you know our thought is like put under 37,001 because then in case you want the audit then you pass because you have certain texts that you need to have in there but you know that doesn't necessarily read like the best sometimes because ISO is very standard so you say like I don't care about the ISO we just want to simplify you know ABC thing we can do that too and set it out.  So it's more about like deployment and the training I would say that's the heavy lifting and I would say the communication to the company being like we are doing this I think that's for 437,001 would be the main thing whereas like environmental management system is like you need to go through like your recycling in your building you need to go through waste management.  need to look at that's a little bit more heavy lifting in that sense in terms of work that you would need to do for the environmental one rather than the 37,001 which is more just like deploying it to the organization and following up but I do think it could be good that maybe do you guys have a risk assessment already on terms of like governance topics or ESG topics have you guys done like an annual risk assessment which includes all you know legal and compliance matters as well and we are starting to obviously do the reporting within there's the CCRD because ACRA also is kind of pushing that to the top down so so yeah because then then we can also just use your risk assessment as the process you don't have to like you know redo the risk assessment if you've already done it and we could just evidence it in our tool and now we are building just to let you know there is a link to ISO and CSRD so our first thing  like get the ISO 14,001 and you know compliance management system down and then the next step is mapping this to CSRD which like so there will be actually a link if you do this then x amount of this will be already reported in CSRD so we're actually building our tool that you can actually collect the information around CSRD easier for the reporting kind of the kind of because there is like a link between ISO and and we've been talking to some of the auditing companies around this so because there are like some auditing companies like girl Veritas which is like DMV's competitor that is trying to become a CSRD auditor so they're they're kind of putting the putting that process in so that they can qualify for that and then they could you know use their ISO methodology for it so I think it's coming it's interesting to see what's going to be coming out over the next year but I will stop there and maybe let Jao or Mal ask questions to just in general because we only have a few minutes before

22:00 - Lars Jacobsen (Aker BioMarine)
  Thank you.

22:00 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  This was, it was really interesting to see some of the aspects that are more important to you, Lars, and Akramarine, and others that, at this point, less so.  One of, there's, I've noted three things that I would like to ask you. So one of them was, I understood that you said that you're not at the organizational level, you're not too worried about the ISOs.  Because I assume you have other ways of tracking your efforts in these areas. Is this correct?

22:36 - Lars Jacobsen (Aker BioMarine)
  Yeah, yeah, it's correct, at least for kind of compliance matters. mean, we sell, you know, food supplements, food products.  I should have been a bit more broader in my intro, never mind. So we do follow ISO standards on some areas, but most importantly kind of food safety.  in that part whereas legal compliance and corruption and that's not really anything we're holding on an annual basis against any standard really.

23:14 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  So I guess you do have these sort of things but mostly on the industry specific needs like you work with food and supplements or food and food safety.  Second thing at some point you did say that you're not so much on a critical timeline that you have space but one of the things that is space in time one of the things that's important to you as an organization is the great flexibility you said looking for greater flexibility.  Can you tell me a little bit more about what kind of situations you find that oh I need more flexibility than what I have right now.  Like a moment where you're like oh this is too square I need more space to move. And then you're talking about within kind of this area, the area of anti-brugging corruption, or yeah?

24:11 - Lars Jacobsen (Aker BioMarine)
  I'm sure with maybe lack of flexibility is the wrong term, I guess we are at least looking to, you know, to work smarter and more structured and to have more or more kind of coherence between having a policy and monitoring it and following it and getting data on that instead of in different places and getting standard training modules which are not adapted to your policies and kind of gaps.  I think that's kind of trying to get everything connected is what we're looking to do. And that's kind of has been a key point from your side really, how it all flows through.

25:00 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Found that it's quite common that people organize these things in a bit of an add-up way with their own tools, spreadsheets, and then like the connections they break because somebody went on holidays, they forgot to update something, things like this.  Exactly. Final question, you said you're adding a team member because the scenario is shifting. What is shifting in which direction is it shifting?

25:23 - Lars Jacobsen (Aker BioMarine)
  Well, I guess the big one is this CCRD, and we have to start doing actual reporting on what we consider our impacts to be, the double actuality traps, etc.

25:44 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  And that sits on top of everything else we're already doing within reporting.

25:49 - Lars Jacobsen (Aker BioMarine)
  I mean, so it takes a bit of work, it's someone needs to own the thought process also. And yeah, I think that's the big shift we're seeing.  ESG goes for something which we could make some vague promises to the market, but now we need to actually deliver and be concrete and break it down and report.  I think it's a health process, but it does change the game a bit. You need to be very specific.  It's a painful transition, I imagine. A sub-question on this, and I saw the last one.

26:30 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  This person you're looking for, what aspect are there especially stuff? Are there especially stuff that is more rigorous tracking?  Are there especially some of the process? What kind of skills are you looking for in this person?

26:46 - Lars Jacobsen (Aker BioMarine)
  I think we would be looking for someone to own, you know, head of compliance in ESG type of combination role, which would be the internal thought leader on ESG.  those areas, but also be specific enough to be able to actually do the reporting in all relevant, yeah, reporting lines.  so it has some sort of, sorry, profile along those lines. I'm not looking for like a very specific skill set, more of an interest in general.

27:37 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, it is hard because there's not that many people that have CSRD skills set because it just came out and nobody really knows it, right?  So it's like, you have to have somebody who's like willing to like kind of look around the organization and find it.  And I think that's also what building our tool is that it becomes something where like an office manager, like in one of our pilots, it's like the office manager that is using our tool and becoming like a chief sustainability compliant.  this officer because they're able to follow ES and G with the walk-through process because I think it's not enough sustainability or compliance officers in the market to cover every company's needs, right?  And also the G that we're setting up, anti-brain corruption, it will cover most of the ESRS G part of ESRS.  there's also just be aware also with the double materiality, like if you're going to go through that process, not duplicate work because it could also be done within our tool that you would be able to get that as part of it too.  I think that's also why we want to make sure that we don't become like an ISO tool that our end goal is CSRD because that's kind of the big one.

28:36 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  But I do think the ISO methodology is very transparent in how you do it.

28:39 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  And that's a good like kind of follow a point in how you would do it anyway. So you kind of get a secondary, you know, external review on it.  But I know we're at time. So I'm just wondering like when or like how should we start? Is it better that we come back in the end of, you know, middle of January and end of?

29:00 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  January and kind of touch base and say okay how could we kick off like or could you send us your risk assessment process already so far so we can look at it in December and see how quickly you know we'd be able to either integrate it into our system and like what what is the best process for you yes um I think maybe um yeah I mean for me it's sufficient at least if you touch base in January and see where we are our risk assessment is not fully ready yet but it's getting close so but I know we should have kind of a good feel for how that is looking how the process in general is looking how we're you know if we're close to actually expanding the team and yeah make a plan from there I think that at least from makes sense for mine okay so then we can make a a meeting and like maybe mid-january do you think or early january and just kind of see where to kind of kick it off from there and then hopefully we have more of our tool that is ready but then I'll at least I'll write down for notes that we're doing 37 000

30:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  the focus on the compliance management system and getting that up and you have policies already anti bribery policies and everything that you we do but I guess some are up for a bit of renewal but yeah we do have a lot in place okay so yeah it would be good to is it possible to get some of those in December so we could start looking at and mapping it against the ISO like I think yeah if that would be good if we could if you can send us that and then some of the risk assessment we could look at that when it's ready and then yeah and then go from there and then I'll set up a time in January great is there any other questions or comments or anything based on what you see yeah not really anything other I mean so far so good-looking promising so looking forward to it perfect okay thank you so much for your time then it will be in touch with you guys thank you thank you bye