---
title: block - fortifai interno
date: '2024-11-07T14:45:00.000000Z'
duration: 60m
participants:
- João
- Mau Medeiros
source: https://fathom.video/calls/178224264
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:39:57.083735+00:00'
---

Doisemes+Fortifai: walkthrough with ivan - November 11
VIEW RECORDING - 60 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/iqNhsBzsCxT996F9b1Kj9HnWnHwSdfah

---

0:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  How are you?

0:01 - Ivan Ćelić
  I'm good.

0:02 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  How are you? I'm good as well.

0:06 - Ivan Ćelić
  It's good to hear. So yeah, what what did you have in mind for this meeting today?

0:14 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So it's a if you could walk us through a little bit with a little bit more detail what you have in terms of ready and I know that of course there's always a bit of a We just started like 35 seconds ago.  So it's good. I got lost. Sorry. Okay. So there's always some Figma files and then there's a gap between those Figma files and the developed thing, right?  So we would like to check out to see the thing working right in function. Could you share with us?  the developed stuff, as if we are a new client or a new customer, really explaining me like I'm five sort of thing.  And if we have time, go into the Figma screens. Romeo, it sense for you to first see what's being developed and then the Figma?  Or do you to start with the Figma?

1:27 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Let's see the Figma.

1:29 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, so Ivan, I'd like to change the order. Can we begin by the Figma flows? Yeah. Will we start there?

1:38 - Ivan Ćelić
  Okay.

1:39 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Thank you very much.

1:43 - Ivan Ćelić
  Sorry, what do you want me to do? you want me to go over Figma and show you there?

1:48 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So we have access to the Figma, sometimes because it is a working Figma, sometimes it's difficult for us to know exactly what all the things connect and how they flow together.  If we can just go... to the sections that are not developed yet, that they are a pipeline for development, I think it would be useful.

2:07 - Ivan Ćelić
  Yes, so basically, I would like this to change, this layout of Ignite, I don't like everything being in one place.  We can discuss it later, it needs to be a bit more organized. But it's organized in sections, in flows, in journeys, in features, however you want to call it.  The first one is some kind of general architecture, which I won't go over right now, because we did not implement many of these things, because this was just like, I don't know what was their intention with this.  Probably just to have a component place where they can put settings and those kinds of screens, but we did not talk about settings yet, so that will come later probably.

2:49 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Or for sure, because we need it.

2:50 - Ivan Ćelić
  So first things, I don't how much you are familiar with, but I think this is the best representation of what we are building.  So let's go over navigation bar, overview some kind of dashboard page, which looks like this, this is not done, we created frontend for this, but like just the dummy frontend with dummy data and anything, so this is not working, is, because this overview combines lots of things, we'll come back to this later.  Yes, so the key part here is compliance map, and basically when you click on the compliance map you come into this page, where you can have all these categories, and each of these cards is, let's call it a feature set or a flow, let's imagine it that way, so each of these is a feature.  I have a question, I have a question.

3:45 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So this compliance map, it's organized by rows, each row is a section, right? And do they ever change the order?  but they are always in this order.

4:01 - Ivan Ćelić
  No, at least as far as I know, they do not change order, and it's always like this. So this is like a hard code.  So this is as it is, only thing that changes are these icons here, set up done, set up not complete, blah, blah.  We did not go over this yet. So we did not implement this and this yet. We have it dummy, data and text here, but this page is implemented.  So if you take a look at this page, we created the layout and everything, but these things are not done because they all depend, each of them depend on a separate thing.  So for example, they are related to the tasks, related to policy, and I don't know, to the suppliers, third party, blah, blah, but we don't have any of this implemented yet.  So what we wanted to go over this, this is also a page in our application, but this is actually a nice overview of needs to be done.  At least in my head, that's how I understood. So from this overview, what's coming Currently being done is this part here content area policy and it's like almost completed I would say 70 80 percent Hopefully so we should be able to finish this one soon and then we are going to do trainings and communication So this is the first thing we are doing and these three are pretty similar You'll see we'll go through the flow now But this is what we are doing then after this we already planned tasks and this we have designed for controls And if I'm not mistaken currently happy and the previous design team were working on stakeholder management and third party this one here But I'm not sure how this one will Finish how will it look like when it's finished because I was not part of all their meetings And I'm not up to date here yet Just so you know and then after that there's a couple of other ones Which we don't have to go through and of course risk assessment as there's a big one I think for them so this is the status approximate so it's a maybe good overview for us all so it's for the user but actually also for

6:02 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, okay. I have some questions but I'll just drop them at the end, I'll take this. You can ask them now, I'm fine with both, I don't mind.  I'll just ask at the end, otherwise I'll just keep asking questions on top of questions.

6:14 - Ivan Ćelić
  No worries, no worries. Okay, so let's dive a bit deeper. as I said, this is the first one we are doing and this is being implemented.  So if you go here, throughout you see policies, controls and third-party management. So this corresponds to policies, controls, third-party management.  You cannot, why is there no training communication? And the reason is because they didn't have a lot of time.  The trainings and communication flow looks exactly the same. So same pages, just different copy, different text. Okay, and in this page here, training and communication, I think N did this and copied trainings and changed the text.  But it's the same screens. Only difference is trainings will be able to upload PDF instead of text. difference. Everything else is the same.  So going back to iteration one page, policies. Do you want me to dive deeper into each of these laws or how do we want to proceed?

7:12 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  If they are all alike, maybe we can just go deeper on the one that is more... Yeah, yeah, no problem.

7:18 - Ivan Ćelić
  So basically the whole point of policies is that, so you have two roles in the system. I'm maybe even simplifying it a bit now, but I think it's enough for understanding.  So you have two roles in the system. have employee and some kind of admin company employee, let's imagine. And basically I'll call them admin and employee from now on, just to make it a bit easier.  Okay, and this now we are looking at the admin part. Admin is being compliance officers, usually the people in the companies who need to be who are who's job is to take care that we are as a company compliant with some compliance as whatever blah blah.  And then what they need to do is they need to have a policies set for companies. So they need to have a bunch of policies set to be compliant.  have to have a list of policies and your employees need to see and acknowledge those policies. That's the general context of this feature.  what this is doing currently is basically doing exactly that. So admins need to approve the policy and deploy them.  Deploying means sending it out to my employees. Employees need to click, I accept, I acknowledge whatever the wording is, doesn't matter.  And that happens. Let's imagine that the poll for that policy is done. And that's that feature. We'll go through the screens now, but it's important to understand the context for why do we need this.  So companies need to be able to have policies. And this is basically the home page. So you have a policy as an admin in the company, as a compliance officer.  You come in here, we will ignore this. This is some kind of AI helper called Lumina. But for now, we are not building that.  will be added later, so that's why I will ignore it on all of these pages. Okay. just don't know why it's there, it's there just because...  Placeholder, yeah.

9:07 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, so you can see here policies.

9:10 - Ivan Ćelić
  This is basically the list of all the that you have. We are missing here a button to add your own policy.  I think that was added later, so we'll probably have to add some kind of button somewhere on this UI to create your own policy.  What is a policy? It's a basically title with a text, with a button, title and a ball of text.  Along with a status of the policy, and that's it. So, with that in mind, we have code of conduct, anti-private, blah, blah, blah.  And now we can see the status. We'll go over the statuses now. So, the initial status is not started.  Let me do this. on. Let me share this. I have this also exported, so I can share it with you.  But just a quick... Oh, I love this stuff. This is really helpful.

9:59 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Thank you.

10:00 - Ivan Ćelić
  Yeah, I know, this is both for development design, this is needed for everyone, basically. So, and I have to check if this is up to date, but it should be.  It should be because I created this in the most recent changes, but this is the status flow machine for policies.  You have not started when nothing is started. Then we have in review, where there you will be able to ask a review from your colleagues, your admin colleagues, they will be able to review and comment.  But an important twist is that we will not be implementing that right now for the MVP. So, yeah, but just so you know, the review is somewhere there.  Okay, so it's from there on, it's simple, not started review approved. So I as admin need to approve the policy.  So imagine that that ABC policy will go over the figment needs to be approved by me before I deploy it.  So I approve it. And then I click deploy, and then it's deployed, and it's completed when all my employees accept it.  So that's the happy flow I would say.

11:05 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  it possible for them to not approve and comment something like, please change this and then I will approve it?

11:14 - Ivan Ćelić
  That's this in-review process. We don't have currently no comments, nothing like that, but you go from not started currently to approved.  So you approve and then you deploy and once it's deployed then everyone can acknowledge it. all then employees will see it and then I as an employee can come in and say I accept, I have to delete it or just scroll through it.  I click, I accept or I acknowledge it. Tell about that checkbox at the end, right?

11:44 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, exactly.

11:45 - Ivan Ćelić
  And then the percentages start getting filled by every click, by every I accept click and then once everyone accepts we consider this to be completed.  And that's it. If in any time before it's completed or after it's completed you can move it to both.  And from post, you can only go back to the beginning, so not started in this case, and then you have to approve and deploy it again.  Because if you want to make changes while it's deployed, after it's deployed, you have to go to post state and back, okay?  That's this flow, basically like that. don't have to go into details, it's lots of information, it's fine. Just so you know that these tapes are like this, and this happens.  For some companies, some policies are not applicable, so they can immediately mark them as not applicable, okay? So if anti-corruption policy is not relevant for my company, then I just say I'm not applicable, and that's it.  We are done with that policy, okay? So let's go back to this. We are not started. Let's go with anti-private re-corruption, ABC policy, not started.  Okay, I am an admin. What do I need to do first? I need to approve it, that's it. Because we are skipping review parts, so we can...  Then when I click view, this page opens up. Here you see this was the... attention was that here there will be comments from the uh from the colleagues so I can edit it so this is like a rich text editor we have this we are now building this this is all I think this is done then you edit the text copy text place paste some text blah blah and then uh then you can hold on hold on let me find different states yeah then you have some comments if you want blah and all that stuff and then you approve the policy and once the policy is approved sorry I'm jumping a bit but once the policy is approved there should be this is a bit messy but this is what for now you're speaking at two times the speed so it's quite impressive so it's good yeah uh so approve for deployment button so once I click approve then it changes status to approve so if you take a look here it's uh uh then approve okay  okay and then basically the difference between clicking approve and clicking deploy so when I click approve nothing actually happens other than status change so it's just like a checkbox from that admin that this one is ready to be deployed something like that something like that yeah and then then you have the deploy button and then when once I click deploy then you come to this popup where you should be able to select who will you deploy to and pick a due date and enter message and then this gets sent out to the old employees for MVP pick from contact list is disabled and it will say everyone just you know is it possible um sorry I don't know if I interrupted you no no no feel free to ask yeah no problem is it possible to get like a link that I I send inside of an email for other people instead of instead of you know sending an email from within the application I think  the intention was somewhere in there I saw a link but currently no but I don't see why not why I mean we can generate a link and send them also in the email but but in the email it should be I think it should be a link in the email we should make it like that but I'm not sure yet how we implement in the first time okay but something like that should be definitely as a better UX done as a better UX so but just just to just to mention so as I said this will be disabled and it will say everyone due date you have to pick a due date and you have to enter some kind of message and then you get this validation model which I'm not too happy as a developer because then I have to have two different models for confirmation and everything but I guess that's how it is here you have all the I guess all these information and then you can close it or go to trainings trainings being the other completely other category so this flow with  now so was basically this not start review approve deployed completed and that's it actually completed we did not see yet but deployed this is what so deployed and that's it and now once the policy is deployed this so if you take a look here this is disabled this deploy overview until deployed and then once we deployed then this one begins enabled and then status changed up here ignoring this one and then here you can see a table uh basically it's a table of all your employees okay okay for this anti-brabbit and corruption policy and it says status status can be I think pending approved and not applicable for users because I think in some cases you can go on maternity leave or you you can go on a sick leave or something and then you cannot fill in this survey and then they mark you as not applicable that's that's why we have three states  You have pending, accepted, and not applicable for the employees, okay?

17:05 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  But a quick question, so when I mark someone as not applicable, basically it means we just ignore that person, right?  Yes, we do not count in two percentage, yes.

17:17 - Ivan Ćelić
  And then this is nothing new, this is just showing the status, let me see where... Yes, and then this is let me check.  Ah, you see, if you want to change something after it's deployed, if you click edit here after it's deployed, then the prompt says yes, blah blah blah, do you really want to continue?  It will pause it, yes, continue to edit, and then you go to edit mode with this additional... Okay, nice one, love it.  And once we are done with that, then let's see how this... Okay, imagine that here it says ABC, anti-private corruption, it will say deployed, and then the percentage will fill in based on how many employees filled in your service, okay?  8 out of 10 employees fill in the survey then it this will say 80% and deployed for this one It says 100% and completed because all of my employees are either Completed or not or not Yes, and then one another thing that we need to mention it is over you if you know if you Notice if you there is a due date that you can put while deploying the survey Basically once the due date passes, then you have this overdue Label on this policy, and that's it currently is just a label Which indicates to the admin that they have some policies that are overdue Okay, these are the top here are just Some kind of data summary not clickable or anything just data summaries.  Okay And this this this at the top are not functional yet. We are not sure yet How this will look like probably depending on your selection  different policies will show. But currently this one is nothing.

19:04 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So this is it.

19:05 - Ivan Ćelić
  And here when you click deployment overview here for all policies, then you get this table. the same table you saw previously, policies, you can see now that here you have all different policies, right?  And then you can see, so the all policies that are deployed, and then you can see the state spending overview complete.  In that case, we would not have a user, right?

19:31 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It's just a policy. Sorry? If I understand correctly, this table is for policies, right? So it doesn't need the column user.  Did understand? No, no. It does need users.

19:46 - Ivan Ćelić
  basically, this is the same table as this one.

19:50 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  From being only, imagine a filter by policy here applied. Okay, okay, okay.

19:56 - Ivan Ćelić
  There is no filter here, basically for all policies. So users aggregated. Like all different policies here and you can see the status.  The point being is that they can maybe filter easily For example, they want to see all users who did not accept all the policies Then they can do things like Send a reminder actually so you click here on these three dots I don't know if there is design here, but yeah, this is design send reminder and mark does not apply You click one of those you get send a reminder and then it's being sent to this person and then To be fair if we could for example avoid this confirmation Dialoging we can set show notifications that would be much easier for us developers, but we can okay, okay, okay?  We can decide like a little card Yeah, I put something yeah, whatever we can design it and create it this one It will be a bit of pain in the  to show the two different dialogue based on the status But we can do it is not a problem  just if it's the same for you then it will be even better for us and then the second option if you click our users does not apply you can put a reason here and some comment and change status and action is done and that's it and then you can see here not applicable and that's it okay thank you very much and the trainings is the same the communications is the same only difference for trainings being this part here is not a text but it's a PDF which you cannot edit of course it's a PDF you upload a PDF and that's it and com and communications different just different text but everything whole flow and everything exactly quick question so the reason for we having the PDFs in certain context is to avoid people editing them or is it because people usually have PDFs and it's much easier to stop.

22:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  What they have I would say that the second one.

22:02 - Ivan Ćelić
  Yeah, I would say the second one They usually have it in PDF or power points and then they can easily upload it as PDFs Currently we search for the simplest solution for the MVP There will probably be possibility to actually upload the file and then we'll have a different Based on the file type we can have a different Component that will show that file for example document or Something but for simplicity sake for MVP its PDF and that's it I think people are most used to working with PDFs in that industry, but yeah, that's that's what I think was and Word documents called final final final final.

22:42 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, approved director. Yeah, exactly Okay Yes, so This whole flow is being done as you see it.

22:53 - Ivan Ćelić
  I think there are still a bit Unknown small small ones though because we did the iron it out with them  but share for review is not implemented yet and will not be implemented for the MVP. And that's it. The versions here, every version, we create a version on each deploy.  That's how currently it is coded. So that's it. There is no rolling back the versions currently. The agreement was that we will create the backend support for versions.  So we actually store the versions and show the version number and everything, but we don't allow currently to go back to version just to simplify for the MVP.  The key is to get it out as soon as possible and then we will let this nice to have things and user experience improvements and so on.  So yeah, just so you know, and a variety of versions. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, thank you.

23:41 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yes.

23:42 - Ivan Ćelić
  Yeah, so this is policy trainings and communications. Any questions about this one before we go controls? So regarding, as I said, regarding the implementation, we are back inside, okay, I won't split it on back and front with you.  I will just say what's done and what's not done. So everything is done. this page is done, so this is like overview page, it's done.  The only thing we are missing here and we need to maybe help, we need your help here, maybe is to add a create policy button, which will then somewhere be in here, it can be a floating button, and you create a policy and that's it, so you can create your own custom policy.  So as I said, this is done, this is done, this is now almost done, so editing, this edit part almost done, then this is deployed, where is deployed, deployed, this is reviewed, this is nothing, review, review, okay, deploy, work in progress, and this is now work in progress, this deployed table.  basically we are now first working on a generic table component, which we will be using all over the application.  So once we are done with that, we'll implement it on this page. So yeah, one last thing, sorry, so this was all admin view, right?  So this was all the admin preparing the policies and then finally deploying them. Then you have employee view which is much simple.  It's three pages basically and this is also working properly. This is done. So I as an employee login into the system, I have a bit simplified menu, policies, paying, submissions, communications.  Probably this will change but never mind now. And then here I can click I have two statuses not started completely and I click view.  I go into the policy and I click I acknowledge and once I acknowledge that it's nothing. It's I can view it again and then I have this check mark here or minus sign here and that's it.  That that's all for for employee side for now. Yep. Okay. Just a second. Sorry.

26:10 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  OK, this was a great overview, especially from the component aspect. I understand that formally we don't have those components exactly, but they are kind of there.  So we could reuse things, it would make it easy for you guys.

26:31 - Ivan Ćelić
  Yes, so what I would prefer to be done is, for example, this data grid, you can make it a component on your own and then use it all over the place.  It should look and feel the similar on every page. can switch between variants, maybe compact or higher margins or something like that, but I would like this to be pretty standard, so this layout, so that we use it.  For example, that's one thing. For example, we don't have buttons, so this is something. really like to have, let me check, yeah they deleted this one, but yeah, so for example we don't have a design system anywhere here, and I would like to have that, I don't see any buttons or anything here, I'm not sure if you understand what I mean, but for example if I click on this button, this button here, I would like this to be a type of a button, so this is currently the icon and it's here, nice, it's local component.  Why would you prefer that to be a type of button? I don't care about that one, I just wanted to give an example, so here would like to have all the inputs visible or everything, I can show you example what I mean, let me show you exactly what I mean, just so we are all on the same page, this is just, this is another project I'm doing, but I would like something like this, you can then tell me if it makes sense to you or not, but why, let me have a please, but of course, for example  Let's take, I don't know, text fields for example, so I would like something like this doesn't have to be this big, but what I'm trying to say is everything that will be used in the app should be a component and have all the possible styles like active error, blah, blah, blah, and then we can implement this and when we want to use this text field, we just say text field, variant, I don't know, default, and that's it, that's all we need to do.  And left icon if you want to edit, so I would like to go into this direction. Of course, this is like really big and this was taken from another library and then filed, but not sure how you usually did it, but I would like to start to have this also, for example, buttons, why I mentioned buttons, let me find buttons, buttons, buttons.  Okay, topography, for example, I would like this to have it like this so that we have like seven, eight, nine, 10 types  of typography and then so that we don't have to specify font size for each text we do. we either say body 1, 2, subtitle 1, 2, or whatever caption.  And that type of stuff also... I'm not sure if you did it like this or how you did it usually, but I would prefer to have a design system in place.  And then we can use it because in coding we are using also components. So whatever you create as a component, we can also in a way create as a component and reuse it, which will also save us time.  It's the same for both, I would say. So yeah, buttons, for example. Same thing. So you can... We have different versions of buttons, So you always have different sizes, like small, medium, large, then different types, contained, outlined text, and so on.  So I would prefer this to be done in that way. As I said, I know we are short on time and we don't have time to do all of this.  But if we could start somewhere small, we don't have to have 100 versions. We can have five versions. I'm fine with that.  then we can work on that. Yeah, that would be my idea of this. Why I'm saying that? Because, for example, if you take a look here, where we're going to find a button in our application.  For example, this button here, this should be a variant of our button. And when I open it here, it opens, I guess, now it's opened this button.  So we do have something. This is the Snow UI. So they are linking that to that button, but this doesn't have colors.  We cannot implement it. So yeah, that's what we would like. I would like this to be a bit more ordered, like we usually do it for the projects, so that we can then have components that we can reuse.  Because we don't want to style the buttons every time. So yeah, of course.

30:54 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And OK, sorry, I have a question, but I might have interrupted you. No, you didn't. No, please don't. So, when I look at the screens you showed me, not just this, but also the compliance map and so on.  I do get a feeling, and I'm interested in your opinion on this. I do get a feeling that some of them are like these kind of uncommon patterns.  The compliance map is not something I see everywhere. It's kind of a new way of presenting this sort of information.  that's correct. Or this one especially. Yes, this one is very unique, let's say. Yes. How does this affect your and your teams?  I mean, I know you can code all of this stuff, but I assume that this makes it a little bit more time-consuming.

31:52 - Ivan Ćelić
  Yes, of course, but I would say that we are okay with reusing stuff currently. Why? example, especially because, okay, this is...  It's a page that's really custom. And I would say it's fine because the intention of this page was to be like the overview of your compliance.  if Fortify is with you on your path to compliance, and it's some kind of a path to compliance, so you go through the path.  So I'm fine with this one. This one didn't slow us down too much. We created this one. Also, if you take a look at policies and trainings and communications, it's still fine because there is nothing much here complex.  And trainings look same as this page. just says trainings here. And then you've got the trainings here and maybe some other minor details here, trainings.  And that's it. So we can reuse those stuff. We can go over the next flow, but regarding the reusability, I wouldn't say it's a problem, at least for the current design, because these are all custom common components, I would say.  So only thing, this is a button, was custom. We had to create something. but it was necessary. I don't see how we could do this in a better way, for example, how we could maybe make it a bit more generic so that we are reusing stuff.  I think this was, from my perspective, I think this was fine regardless of the reusability. It can always be better, but it can be also much worse.  Okay, good, good.

33:24 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So, thank you.

33:25 - Ivan Ćelić
  I appreciate your questions. For example, and you can see that similar things are used here.

33:33 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.

33:34 - Ivan Ćelić
  Just for example. And the same model, for example, same model. So input model, this is like nothing here. So just an example, yeah, how it looks.  We'll go over the controls, but you can see same cards. Okay, this is maybe a new one, but that's not a big deal.  Table again, same layout. So it's not, I would say it's pretty okay from that standpoint, at least in my  okay cool okay we can move into the next one yes okay so controls this is the last one that's confirmed by development and design and in basically let's say let's call it ready for development third-party management is not yet confirmed as far as I understand or at least yeah as far as I understand it's not yet confirmed and we did not estimate this one we did not check this one but controls so what are controls it's a bit abstract name let's go back to compliance map here you can see controls are this one here yeah and the point is basically to set up some kind of controls for your employees to do what does that mean what are controls controls are way of checking if your employee or your company is following the anti-priority or not corruption compliance for example so if you are compliant you need to control it  you control it, employee, for example, have to have a gift register, they need to be able to so not to be able, they need to.  So for example, I am an employee and I receive a thousand euro gift a trip to somewhere from a government official.  I need to report it. How do I report it? Usually it's done via service. are forms, some kind of form that you submit, right?  what do we have? And that's control basically. That's it. You have a control. That's for gifts. You have sponsorships.  You have different categories. Okay, so that's it, that controls. And now we have again two different roles, admin and employee.  Admin needs to set up those controls, same way, they set up policies. They need to approve them and deploy them, right?  And once they are deployed, then employees, whenever something happens, need to fill it in. It's not something they need to do once, it's something that they need to do when it happens, okay?  So, for example, when I receive a gift, I have responsibility to do it. Now the question is, what if I forget, what if I don't want to do it and so on, but that's part of the training and that's part of the compliance officer to enforce.  it's to the compliance officer or admin in this case to train and to change the behavior of the employees to fill these in as, I would say, as regularly as possible.  So, okay, now we mentioned example of a for-gift, for-gifts and entertainment, for example, government official, blah, blah. That's something that you can fill in when it happens.  So when something like that happens, I receive a gift, I receive something, I fill the form and I submit it all good.  But they also have a different type, which is annual submissions, and that's, for example, conflict of interest. So this is something that your employees need to fill in once a year and that is like  you have to write if you are part of, if you own stocks of a company, for example, of competitors, or if your wife or someone in your family owns stocks in the competitor company, for example.  So those type of questions are important to check if someone is in a conflict of interest. So they need to be able to fill a survey, for example, do you or any of the parties have financial interest in other companies or competitors?  Yes, no, not sure, blah, blah, which companies enter companies, blah, blah, blah, blah, and so on, right? And then you fill it in.  Basically, so let's recap, we have two types of controls, control being served in these cases, basically service, one is ongoing, which is something that you can fill in at any time when it happens.  And the other one is annual, which you fill in annually. And that's it, that's all basically, you need to set it out, they need to fill it in, and once it's filled in, they  to follow up, but we'll get to that part later. So this is the basic premise. In company we need to be able to have different service and we need to be able to fill them in.  Let's quickly just send the message I need. I forgot to tell someone I'll be... Okay, okay. Okay, good. Sorry for that.  Yeah, so this is like same page overview like you've seen before. Same components. So I would say it's pretty reusable.  The statuses are a bit different. We'll go over that. I did not map this one yet. I will do it before we start developing.  So this will... be done or maybe we have it but I'll check and I'll share it of course and this one here this menu here appears when I forgot when but I think it says here uh-huh the top dashboard part is only there once they're deployed so once you deploy at least one policy then this part here appears and it's some kind of statistics basic statistics like how many new submissions you have in which category and and which are the latest submissions like three latest submissions and if I click see all requests I get taken to the table view I suppose yes exactly exactly and then you see here all the statuses all the requests by who and which category which policy this is wrong we should say probably control not policy but whatever uh yeah understand yeah thanks so yeah okay now let's go again to the floor I'm an admin and I need to set up I need to set up  control, right? So how is it done? So you click on a new button here or here, never, not important.  Then you come to annual conflict of interest form. And you have not started status, so same status as before.  And then you have this survey. For service, we are using a library. So please, this design should stay as similar to this one for now, at least for the MMP, should stay as similar to this one as possible.  So if it can stay like this for the MMP, that's perfect for us, because we will get into this one.  I don't want to get into that right now. But we are using a survey.js, which is a survey building library for some other reasons.  we are a bit, I wouldn't say limited by the library, but we would need to do custom stuff in it, which we are trying to avoid right now at this stage.  basically, imagine this, so you have a survey, they scroll to the survey, through the survey, say, oh, okay, this  good and they approve for deployment and approving for deployment looks like this do want to approve this I approve okay it's approved and then it looks like this approved and then once approved same thing as before you click deploy and then same thing as before here is say everyone you pick a due date you do here you pick a due date here because this is annual survey it's not something on going so it makes sense to have a due date so you have a one month or a week fill it in please fill it in but for the ongoing ones it should not have a due date it doesn't make sense in that context and then you fill in and then is deployed yeah everyone's happy and then yeah and that's that's it basically once it's deployed then this appears at the top like I mentioned previously and then you also have this here which is a list of all the users that submitted something in this story right so Natalie  submitted conflict of interest, submitted conflict of interest survey, and it's approved. We'll go over the statuses now, but this is it basically.  This is a survey you filter by year here at the top, or you can have a bit more advanced filters here.  Okay, good. So now the important part is what happens when I submit. I submitted a conflict, for example, I submitted gifts and hospitality.  Okay, this is good. This is, yeah, this is nothing new. This is same flow for different form. Yeah, let me comment immediately here.  Okay, good. Let's move on. Yeah, deploy the flow is same thing you saw this so it's nothing new and then this is now the employee view let's go the what excuse me employee employee okay let me check if we are done with admin's view we are for now so okay the flow is like this admin fills create the control deploys it now it's available for everyone now everyone in the company can can create a new submission into the gifts and hospitality control which means that if I get the gift I need to fill it in okay so for example just to get a better impression it's like this if it's gift or hospitality did I receive it or I offered it what's the value these are Norwegian money then the details of the other party then you have to write public official and a message and that's it so some kind of information about this gift or hospitality that I received or offered and that's it so when I when I fill this so now I deployed  survey. One important thing is that currently you cannot do anything here actually. before it's approved it might not make sense in a way because why am I approving this if I cannot make any changes to it.  But the thing is in the future we will probably allow these to be a form builder to create their own fields and that's why we are also using survey library like I mentioned but currently they can just approve it.  But it's still an important step why because they as compliance officers as admins need to say I approve this regardless if they can make change or not because if they don't agree with this they won't approve it and then it won't be available to employees.  That's why it's still important to approve it even though you cannot change it right now.

44:48 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  You mean this from a legal perspective like we need to collect their okay.

44:53 - Ivan Ćelić
  I'm not sure if it's a legal perspective but I would say it's from the I don't workflow perspective or they need to be able to  They need to see the survey The survey before it's sent out to the employees they need they are the one responsible for that and they need to say okay I see I've seen it and it's good by me.  So I would say it's in a way. I'm not sure if it's actually legal I don't know the details, but I would say it's like they need to be able to see it before sent out So they need to say Yeah, make sense We have a question so You are about to show us the employee view right and one of the best we had was the Let's say the gamification aspects of this right so in one way the the platform is really is really friendly especially when compared with the competition right Friendly and colorful and just tells you what to do.

45:55 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yes It is already very powerful for incentivizing use Do we have some sort of scoring mechanic, like if you do things on time, you get more points, is there anything like that?  Currently, no. I don't think for the MVP it will be built.

46:13 - Ivan Ćelić
  Oh, yeah, okay. Yeah, but there were talks about gamification before, like even before X design came into the story.  But to be fair, I think it requires a bit more customer and client interviews. I don't know, but I'm not aware of it.  Why do I think that? Because this one is a very business application. So I'm not sure what kind of gamification will satisfy a person who just wants to get in and get over to this.  For example, I, if I had a company which had 10 employees and I need to be compliant with some laws because the new law came in from the EU and I just need to, you know, have it.  I would just come here. wouldn't care. I wouldn't care, like, I wouldn't care at all about any gamification. I just want to be compliant.  compliant. So my gamification could be a green end of some kind of end of the flow. said, you are done.

47:06 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  You don't have to do it or think about it.

47:08 - Ivan Ćelić
  And then I can say, look, guys, I'm compliant. So I would say that it's something that we need to think about.  But I think it's something that also needs to be investigated, if and how much is needed. Because why I'm saying this?  Because it's not easy. I mean, it's a feature that we need to build. And it probably will take us at least a couple of weeks to build it.  And might not be something that but I think at the end, team is thinking about it. So I think, I think we're good there.  Cool.

47:35 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Cool. Thank you. I agree.

47:38 - Ivan Ćelić
  Gamification is more complex than what it seems from the outside.

47:40 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So I agree with you 100%. Exactly.

47:44 - Ivan Ćelić
  I had, for example, on a project I worked on, we had like lots of development teams, like I would say 10 teams imagine and with four or five people, so lots of developers and we had some kind of coding gamification, which didn't actually last a long time.  for some short time, We got rankings on the team, so whose team is ranked 1, 2, 3, and so on, depending on how good you were taking care of your code, if you updated all the libraries, if you had maybe very little errors or something like that.  And that was actually interesting, and I would say that wasn't that bad to be fair, but that's a whole different set of people that you target than this one.  So it's something to think about, but the ideas are there, it's just a question of if we actually need it at this point, so yeah, I agree.  Okay, so employee view now, this is the same page you've seen it before, nothing new, so you have policies here which we've seen, training communications, and submissions.  So here, make a submission is the list of all the controls that we created, so you can see here, GIFs and hospitality, okay, it says entertainment here, probably a type or something.  But this is it, basically, you click here and it says how much longer it takes, because usually people are very, very...  of their time. As I said, people just don't care about it. Same way, for example, I probably mentioned this PRINTO platform, PRINTO for compliance.  So it's something that we as a fort if I had to fill in, and it's just pain in the .  mean, not pain in the , but you just want to get over with it. want to do everything that needs to be done, but it's not like you enjoy it and you want to do it.  It's not something I get up in the morning, I cannot wait to read the policy or something. So I'd say this is why we have this how much things because then maybe it will incentivize people to do it.  Okay, basically, click this and entertainment. So here, sorry. So submissions is a whole new page, which has the same.  So this here at the top is the same as this one here. So this is just a shortcut on your homepage to this.  But basically here you can see all your submissions as an employee. You can see your submission so you can see which control  it is when it was and the status and probably some other fields but I would say these are not that important right now yeah when you click on here on one of these at the top you go into the survey and then you fill the survey in that's standard stuff and you click submit for review so you fill it in blah blah you fill the data then you can have some kind of a review page before you submit some kind of maybe summary and then you click submit for review and then it's done and what happens then is then you it shows up here status pending new submission just now and these are the tasks to do which we don't didn't talk about yet this whole application will have some kind of to-dos and tasks based on actions in the system but these one I would say are out of this discussion at this moment  But we will have a discussion on this topic probably pretty soon, but for now I would skip it. Okay.  It's too much. No, not focus on that.

51:07 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Quick question. Do we have some sort of red dot notification on the menu when there's something waiting for that?

51:18 - Ivan Ćelić
  Probably it was intended to be here notification, but on the menu, which menu exactly do you... I mean like on the left side.

51:26 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  For instance, let's say like there's a red dot on policies and I'm like, oh, I need to do something about policies.

51:31 - Ivan Ćelić
  Sure. I'm not sure.

51:32 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  But that's maybe a good idea to do.

51:34 - Ivan Ćelić
  Yeah, that sounds like something that we can add. But yeah, currently we don't have any of these. Okay. I would say there are really lots of these type of improvements that we can make, but the idea is to get it out ASAP so as soon as possible and then see how people react to it and see what's the most important for our users and then go into that direction.  Yeah. So the answer is not currently, but some... also interesting to me and then after just we are finished with this story and hopefully with whatever we have but after you submit it as an employee then it needs to be proved you know so this is how it looks from the admin we are back to admin role now okay then admin sees this kind of recap of your answers like give them hospitality gift receive full name title blah blah blah the organization after and then you can reject or approve so basically I can write a message reject or approve and then there are a little bit of you can write notes here and basically it's needs to be approved by either we're good already now but I think I have it written down in the tasks but compiles officer yeah the complex officer but the idea was that it needs to be approved by a reviewer before the compliance officer  But this one should be, when you are submitting the survey, there will be a drop-down, which here is missing, but there will be a drop-down for reviewer 1, so...  Like your boss. Yeah, who's your boss? Exactly, because it's too complex for us, for the MVP to build the whole hierarchy, or it will be too complex for users to build it, and we thought about importing it from teams, but it's not consistent, it's messy, and so on.  So for now, it will be who's your boss, and then you submit it. And then, when you come to reviewer, this is your boss reviewing it, and they can reject it.  If they reject it, that's it, you reject it immediately. If they approve, then the admin needs to approve, the compliance officer.  And they write notes here, this is like a chat, but not actually a real-time chat, but maybe like a note.  Comments.

53:53 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, comments, exactly.

53:55 - Ivan Ćelić
  And then it looks like this. So reviewer 1, decision pending. So this is Hawaii as an admin. see it while the reviewer one is his decision is pending right so I cannot do anything I can write comments but I cannot do anything until that reviewer rejects or approves and then once they approve because if they reject I don't have to do anything but once they approve then it comes to me and then I need to approve it good and that's it and then it's approved the status changes and that's it so this status did not change but it should update this new submission should change to approved here and then that's it I think yeah these are the models that happen when you click reject or approve it's just the text that shows so yeah you see for each of these actions we usually have two models it would be really nice if you could have a notification instead of this that would be easier a bit easier to do but yeah we can discuss this later but that's it basically that's the whole flow we are done with control part the statuses are not 100% clear at least to me I have to map it out  I did previously to have it clear but I think that it's pretty similar so for the actually controls you have not started in review approved and deployed right these percentages I'm not sure what are these percentages I think I asked somewhere hold on yes I did so uh-huh which stage of the process they're at so at the moment this actually means yeah so you can see here these are these are not completion percentages because you don't expect everyone to complete you expect the ones who get to complete it so these are the the statuses of this oh it's check mark once is deployed you can read this so feel free to read comments while you are going through these read comments I asked questions there and binar and and and the team answered me there so it gives a bit more context on each of these so it's it's it's good to use the comment stuff yeah so yeah that's it basically uh that's that's the whole flow so next one is third party we did not go over that one yet I'm not sure if it's confirmed I have  Check with Abby and and and see if it's ready for for us to go over to ask questions and then estimate the development side.

56:08 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So, yeah Yeah, but for now, I think well, yeah, I think you deserve quite a few glasses of water I think for now, this was really good at least on my side And homeo and I have our own back channel here.  So we're checking out things Okay, right. So this was really good and it was also recorded.

56:29 - Ivan Ćelić
  it's it's useful Um, at any point feel free to bring me and and and ask me about any things from me You'll get a bit more Uh, technical view on it or not technical maybe pragmatic view or the view that how it's actually working without any too much of why For me, it's of course, it's it's important to understand why but So as I said initially you get the context and then how it's done.  That's it. So Uh, from from Abby and and you will get a bit of more vision from we didn't talk about vision for now too much  We didn't talk too much about the future, because it gets so broad and so wide, and my opinion is we need to all focus on MVP right now, and then we'll with vision in mind.  basically, at any point you need a bit more information. For me, feel free to ping me, and of course I'll help.  Cool, yeah. Now you're being very helpful in every interaction, so thank you We need to know how it works, because we're developing it, so we need to know every pattern, how it works, so feel free to ask if something is unclear, at least for these two chapters.  We'll do.

57:34 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, thank you Ivan. think Homell and I will dive a little bit on this, but I think most of our questions, we dropped them here, and you already answered them, so it's...  Okay, perfect.

57:44 - Ivan Ćelić
  I would like to also ask from you some kind of a really, really general, really, really simple roadmap. So if you could talk between yourself, and of course if you need more time, I'm fine with that, but I would like to get some kind of roadmap which says like, I don't know.  November we will be doing that like two words December that or something like that Why because I would like to see what's your plan and what's are your some rough rough not estimates But just general idea how things will go because I need that for development We have currently we have more than enough to develop so we it's not like we are waiting on any design But I do not want that We come into the situation where we are waiting for something Yeah, so I would really like to it doesn't have to be this week But sometimes soon some kind of general overview general road map just to see The plans from the design side also for sure makes all the sense perfect Tell me that you are on the run.  Are you planning on using it? Do you usually use it or I?

58:49 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Just opened it and we're still figuring out figuring out how to best integrate that So I'll get back to you on that usually use something other than Jira  Nothing it usually depends on the on the clients and their own tech stack So I mean I have used here extensively in the past every Jira deployment is different Every company does it a slightly different way, but I'm more familiar with Jira But we also have our own internal Trello also from Atlassian.  So maybe there's similarities there Okay, let me know I'll get I'll get to you on that for Jira stuff.  Also.

59:27 - Ivan Ćelić
  I'm the contact person I said for the development. So maybe it's better that we also talk for the design side If you need help on something or to see how to incorporate it.  So let me know Okay, okay, we'll do it.

59:40 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'll need to fight another one right now. So I gotta go Thank you so much for this. We will keeping the same touch and thank you also for all the access on slide Thank you.  See you.

59:50 - Ivan Ćelić
  Bye. Thank you You