---
title: Customer Interview 30min - Oren
date: '2024-12-03T11:00:00.000000Z'
duration: 30m
participants:
- João
- Oren Greenberg
source: https://fathom.video/calls/190751200
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:35:15.128986+00:00'
---

Customer Interview 30min - Oren - December 03
VIEW RECORDING - 58 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/N6rQmdG2wYiohbxzuMuoVegsJztpV384

---

0:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, how are you? Good, good.

0:03 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  Video in a second? Good.

0:07 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  No problem. Thanks for being patient.

0:12 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  It's been a bit of a crazy... My life at the moment is a bit hectic, because I'm just waiting for my visa to Portugal.  So we had to leave Portugal, and now I'm going to Cyprus, which I'm going in two days to Cyprus.  We decided two days ago. So life is really quite hectic. then today I've got nine calls, and then my days started just like straight working up, then jumping directly on calls.  So it's been pretty hectic today.

0:40 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, so thank you for making the time for this, especially under those circumstances. Fun fact, I am Portuguese, but I cannot give you a visa.  I live in Brazil, but I am Portuguese. Okay, amazing. Yeah, if you could give me a visa, that would have made the call a lot easier.

1:00 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  my life a lot easier. Yeah, I know, I know.

1:03 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  We made a talk about the pain point, right?

1:08 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  So anyway, thank you so much for doing this.

1:10 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I, you know, I did a little bit of reading on your stuff. There's quite a little, quite a bit of it up there.  And then I got really super self-conscious because clearly you know what you're talking about. And like, you have all this advice about how to conduct customer interviews, when to do them, how to be ready for them and so on.  I was like, oh my god, I think RN will see right through me. So I'll just embrace it, your leagues ahead of me.  So that's it. So thank you for being up for this and for the feedback you gave me on LinkedIn.  That was, I have already started to implement some of those changes. It's funny how we start creating like with  about sections across different platforms and then our understanding changes and we forget to go back and correct them, right?  So that was good that you told me that. So this conversation for me is more to understand a little bit more about your world as a specialist consultant, right?  I don't know if you fall into the solopreneur aspect in that activity. Do you see yourself as a solopreneur in that?  I think it's just defined to me as one. Okay. And how do you feel about that?

2:41 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  Look, I ran an agency before which we scaled to seven. At one point I had 35 clients and seven partners.  That's not a solopreneur. And I did that from scratch. I did that from scratch with no funding. real  support either like I just figured it out myself so I Wouldn't say I'm a solopener because I've got an agency that I have equity and the sound now runs that I created the business You know if you already have a business someone else is running And you have an equity chunk in it and it was your baby It's hard to say it's hard to say I'm now a solopener, but now with my new venture which is really just a part of what I was doing before and more more fleshed out and Packaged presented to the world in a clear coherent or hopefully it's clear and coherent I don't know.  I think it is I'd like to hope the website is Does a good job of articulating what I do and who I am and who I serve and how I solve their problems That fundamentally is I'm a self-consultant ish and if you go to my services page on my or in Greenberg website You'll see there's one that says  conditioning. And if you go down, that's Lena. And I'm not Lena. So Lena is like a partner. It's already with kind like a business of two, you could say.  And I do have like a lot of support. I have like five. I've got like four or five advisors.  And I've got probably a team of four or five sub contractors or agencies as well. So it's like, there's an engine behind me.  I'm not really like doing everything myself, which is what the definition of a solopunner would be. It's like you're doing everything yourself.  You're a solopunner. I'm not. I've got like a VA. I've got the guy who does my video filming and editing.  got the guy who helps me with my thought leadership content for my blog. You know, I've got all these different vendors.  got an agency that's going to help me produce YouTube videos now. Like, you know, I've got an army of people supporting me.  But the face of it's like Gary Vee. Like, you know, the Gary Vee is as if it's a scary Vee, but it isn't like a whole army.  So no, I don't really think of myself as a solopunner. But this is the most important point is that my vision is for it not to be a solo partnership.  My vision is to scale it as a consultancy that would be ideal. What does that mean in practice? That I'm the face of the business.  I generate all the content that generates the opportunities. I do the sales call and closing and the principal consultant and fundamentally responsible for deliverables or results rather than the deliverables and I have IP and frameworks and methodologies huge you know you come and then I have people who are less expensive than me who deliver the work.  I supervise the work. I make a margin on them and I have quite a few of them and I have a nice healthy business agenda that gives me leverage.  That'd be the ideal to be honest. I don't think it's necessary. I think it's possible for me to achieve 1-2 million a year in income solo.  Why? Because David C Baker does that and April Dunford does that and there's a ton of other people who do that.  your take on those guys I love them so yeah my take on them my take is David C Baker is like a no  guy he's like he's sharp I think he is it's part of Mensa right it's quite sharp I'm part of Mensa too but I don't think that counts for anything um because once you go to Mensa and you meet a lot of people that you realize it doesn't count for anything so yeah I mean yeah okay so he has high verbal IQs and top 1% 2% smartest people in the world okay great not surprised um that in his book he talks about he was curious what when and why the agency owners become introspective yeah I love that and he goes down the variable to when they have a five-year obviously six-pronged because then they need to evaluate if they want to join continue with a marathon  term for the next five to 10 or 15 years. Like imagine the level of meticulous obsession to hone in into just such a one of many, qualities of his persona and then meticulously try and hone into the key variable.  Like who gives a ? He does. And it's like he's obsessed with like that level of excellence of like identifying the specific variables account that really matter to driving performance without the specific problem set.  So when I think fundamentally that's a person who's investing a huge amount of cognitive energy to go as deep as you can go, deeper than anyone gone on that domain, that's...

7:45 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Do you have your getting to know list? Yeah. He talks about the getting to know list, like things that he needs to figure out because people will ask him about yes.  Yes.

7:58 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  And then he's got his like... video for the topics that come up and then how he goes deep on every of the 30 for because I got there was a come up.  So he just he has to have a good clear view and perspective and articulation of that specific issue. And then it's like everything he talks about is pattern recognition.  So yeah. So that's David C Baker. And I think what he's done really well is he's gone really deep.  He's produced a prolific body of work. He's a little older. He's like probably got 20 years of me. He's written three or four books that is the body of work around this realm of expertise that he's been for 30 40 years.  And that's him. April Dunford different. I don't think April Dunford created anything new. What in Claude on the weekend I put in and said what is April Dunford's principles?  How new or fresher these on the scale of one to 10 and the average score was a three, which was like, wow, that's really low.  And then I asked Claude, that's like, why is April Dunford? Good. So successful. It's like she articulated positioning in a way that was not well articulated for sass, which at the time didn't have anyone who owned and had clarity around positioning for sass.  So she positioned herself as the positioning expert for sass and no one else had done that. But then I had an insight with someone who's done a lot of work on her and ran a case study on her.  And he said something fascinating. He said two things. People in sass were very familiar with positioning. So I was like, wait a second, if they were familiar, why is she so successful?  Because she created a framework that was a practical application of theoretical concepts. And there was a practical application of this idea that they were all familiar with.  And then packaging that in a well written, convincing, well articulated book and the problem that presented her as an expert to solve this problem that was a painful problem for that target audience.  And boom, very different than they did to if you notice, I did not say really exceptional deep expertise. I did  not say a rigorous, meticulous obsession with variables. I think what she did, she's like a classic marketer and he's a classic expert.  I think they have both very different avenues of parallel reputation, brand, reach, expertise, like success. They have very similar success profiles, but different routes to how to do it.  I think what she did was  brilliant, creating a framework that's practical, that is IP and community. If you can take it from client to client, it's product I service, and she solved a niche in a niche that was evolving and she ran it in the right time.  I think that's very smart. I think what he's done is becoming a subject matter expert on expertise. Who thinks about doing that, becoming an expert about experts?  It's a very meta. So different beasts, both I'm envious of the success I think the truth is they're both formidable.  with both their level of experience insight and They're they're probably no  attitude and even though she's funny and charming and he's like no  I'm pretty sure if you talk to them.  They're on point There's no fluff and I think they get to the crux of what matters. I think they're probably very serious people I think they're very dedicated industrious People that live and breathe their craft.

11:24 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  That's my take Lovely I never realized that that difference that split, but it's just so clear now Which is the mark of good insight, right?  It becomes obvious after you hear it I Love to I'll send you an email afterwards But I'll love to if there's any way of getting access to that case that you're never known for I'll send it I'll just send it to you now Thank you so The guy who writes this case study is the guy who

12:00 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  helping me with my thought leadership content.

12:03 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, okay.

12:05 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  On LinkedIn, so you have access to it in the future as well, so you don't have to save it anywhere.  So you just have it there. Got it, got it.

12:14 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So anyway, I don't want get... I mean, it's really difficult for me to stay kind of on track in this conversation because everything is exciting.

12:23 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  Yeah, the nature of both of our minds is that we're not on track people, so it's okay. Yeah.

12:30 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, I have some major pointers around this. So one of the things you mentioned, I mean, this is like a bingo card for references I really care about.  Maybe C. Baker, April, then Ford. You did mention Fletch in the chat. I mean, Fletch always comes up, and I also like the fact that it's a little bit of the metagame.  They have this Trojan horse, and then they use it to get into the positioning thing. What do you mean?

12:59 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  What's the metagame?

13:01 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  In this conversation we're having, we discuss the topic of expertise as we discuss how experts implement the topic of selling expertise.  it seems to be a fact.

13:15 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  But why is Fletch meta?

13:18 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Mentioning Fletch was a little bit meta because it said what I'm interested in is not so much what they do precisely, but like how they said by the guys of homepage building, they get into positioning, right?  So I see what you mean.

13:37 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  Yeah, they're talking about your homepage copy, but really the messaging is a layer on top of positioning. So but they do talk openly about positioning.  I think what interests me most about Fletch was they productize the process. But the key in the in the productization process is what they  Blickly publish that pulls in their prospects into the product I service and it's like it's kind of obvious It's like why don't you just broadcast what you do?  Transparent but most companies don't do it more companies not give away their IP for free, which is essentially what flesh is doing Yeah, the micro flavors because the LinkedIn post is so narrow and they they're taking this big body of work and They split it up and they just keep posting variants of it and that builds a whole  pipeline But what I love Is obviously the very smart and capable, but they have refined a coherent consistent system of methodology To solving the same problem over and over and over again.  They keep refining it. It's a very narrow focus My biggest problem is I'm too broad and like the reason if you think about it Why am I looking and saying?  Oh well flesh this doing such a great job because my pain is inverse To what I see them being able to do so I have a framework  which has 27 pillars. Positioning is just one of the 27, so they've gone super deep, like both David C Baker and April Dunford and Fletch have all owned different segments, different industries, David C Baker agencies, April Dunford SaaS businesses, A to B round plus, and then Fletch do early-stage start-up and not specifically SaaS either, right?  So they all do positioning fundamentally in different guises. Obviously David C Baker and April Dunford own the heavy weight that the serious contenders working larger businesses Fletch on the smaller end, but really refined productisation and nailed the LinkedIn game.  I don't, I'm like that's just one small part of the engine that I built as a marketing engine and essentially I'm positioned too broadly and that means I'm always to struggle to build a repeatable, scalable, highly profitable business.  If I'm constantly having to create custom solutions to solve new problems with different types of custom segments. Yes, and that's why I'm so envious of flat from what they've done, even though I can't do what they like I would go nuts just doing homepage copy like for me what they're doing is is a very superficial also methodologically I don't believe in what they do like what do you mean.  They do not include customer interviews in the process. I do not believe positioning is viable without customer interviews, so I as an expert fundamentally disagree with their methodology and their approach is solving the problem.  You see, so do I still believe they deliver value to their clients for 10 K. Absolutely. Do I think that they're doing as good a job as possible with a methodology and framework to solve that specific.  Firstly, no right because we've done positioning ourselves for like seven or eight businesses now I've worked at like nine agency position I'm now doing positioning with a client I've got a branding expert I'm paying them 50 K to do it.  So you know I work at 50 60 K positioning projects not 10 K so much more mature so you know I'm more thorough with solving that specific problem.  not me personally, but the people I bring in to solve it. Point being, you can see the pain point I have.  I'm expressing my pain point respected by their solution, not talking about what they're doing. And what they're doing is they're beautiful, they're beautiful, you're packaging it, articulating it, refining it, all of these things, I'm jealous of.  I'm struggling to do that.

17:26 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So I now see, because you sent me the link to Liam's stuff, and the day you signed up for my newsletter, he signed up for my newsletter, and I had spoken to him before, and I was like, wow, this is a coincidence.  Now I understand, you probably sent him some stuff.

17:41 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  I sent him, I said, I'm talking to you, I think he's really interesting, he's a guy, and then he said that he read your stuff, and he can see you know what you're talking about, you're a small guy.  That was his feedback. Liam stands as if, he stands as even higher than mine. So if he says you're small guy, and I say you're in a good stead.  You're held in good in the highest steam with me to the people who count.

18:04 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Oh my god, this is I'm going I'm going to blush. That's very nice because the first message I sent Liam I think I was trying to be cheeky and English is not my first language and sometimes I I miss like little social Things and yeah, I was trying to be cheeky and I think maybe I went overboard with it And it was like I think it's British and yet it was yeah, it was very like Yeah, he's the understated and He's a kind of guy that like you'll get on really well with him if you're like May  me for those people markets Like if you if you like he likes the curse and he's like he's kind of getting like he gets he likes the dirt He's like like the grip That's about the truth.

18:45 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  So if you just always with Liam you're like Let's go on a journey to finding truth. You'll always be on the good side of him.  That's that's it That's Liam and in my sentence and like well now you know this You can identify the pattern of person and yet you'll crack him  it's very easy to understand him once you view him through that lens. He is obsessed about the truth. He's a truth.  Work with him to finding truth, no , no, no colorful language, no wrapping up of anything, just like to the point, get to the truth of it, show you the depth of thought, and then you'll get on my welcome.  Nice.

19:25 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, I'll keep that in mind. Another thing that came up to me was that I think that when I asked you about David about the book, the business of expertise, I think at that time you said I know of the book, and now you're quoting the book to me.  So I assume you read the book.

19:42 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  Because of the comments, because I got so frustrated telling you that I know about it, and you're like the fifth person in like two months as has mentioned the book, then like  it, I'm just going to read a  book now.  It's like there's enough social pressure for me to have to know about it. So now I'm halfway through.

20:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  One of the things that really got my eye in that book, first was the stats you mentioned like, oh, this is such a nuanced state, the leasing period is so smart.  And the other thing was how you've mentioned the thing about not trying to make your work interesting or like the only source of interesting stuff in your life.  I don't know if you got to that part, but I bored when he started talking about that in his book.

20:32 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  I was like, why is he talking about this?

20:34 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, but did you push through or did you just leave the book?

20:38 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  No, I kept, I pushed through because I was like, there's enough value and substance delivered to that point that I was willing to tolerate him going into like, there's also other stuff that he talks about, which I think is fluff, like he talks about it's either formed in your childhood, the confidence that you have versus like what the market, you know, the market  like it says about you. I don't believe in that first first thing, the concept that he's presenting. I don't I don't feel this is true.  I feel this is like not a true reflection of reality. I'm honest, I think it's a reflection of an insecurity he has around his confidence.  And I think it's because he's an introverted, probably introverted, highly analytical deep thinker that he spends so much time in his own head that he's not extroverted socializing.  But if you socialize a lot and you meet a lot of people, you just recognize his patterns to things that how engagement works and how things work.  like people who are just doing that, they're just it's not confidence. They're just having a lot of conversations with lots of people.  They keep refining their pitch. They perfected their pitch. It sounds convincing. They found something like it sounds good. And then they either deliver or they don't deliver, which comes out of the delivery engine that they've got.  like that's how I say I don't see this delineation. I think I think his second point is what's relevant.  Like how do you create right positioning to try the right audience in a fundamentally complex world? I think that's right whole hypothesis about the confidence in childhood.  I think it's a red herring. I don't it doesn't feel It doesn't feel substantial to me. So I don't agree with everything he said, but the key some of his key interests are so nuanced They're so thoughtful That you know that he's he's gone so deep on these problems and they're getting so much insight Form these hyper hyper specific points that show A refinement and depth of tackling them for a long time But no, I haven't I don't think I just remember like skimming through the motorbike thing Yeah, the LinkedIn post now I just commented in his LinkedIn post.  It's literally a few days ago. I'm talking about his motorbike shooting photography and Then would work That is that make him want to leave work and go back to the hobby something like that It's the thing that gives him a  pick from the work, the constant, relentless questions that people ask him for advice.

23:11 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah. Now, because to me, that was really interesting, because that aspect of, oh, maybe I'm trying to make my work, I mean, this is descriptive of myself, it's not prescriptive in any way, of course.  But I was like, oh, maybe I'm trying to make my work my, as interesting as it could be. And because of that, it's really difficult to nail down exactly what I do.  Like these workshops for experts, this is me niching down. Okay, it's a very good niche.

23:39 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  think you've got a really nice shape niche, personally. I don't think it's a nice niche. think it's a really interesting niche.  I think the type of produce and the experiences you're going to have, in my opinion, they're No, I agree, I agree.

24:03 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Which is like part of the reason why it's so difficult for me to do like research because every conversation just becomes like mind melding.  But I love it. I love it. I'm not complaining. And I, because for me, I've read the book, I think a few times, but I think the first time was maybe two years ago or something.  And that's like, okay, because I did all of those, I think there's like a bingo card of generally mistakes when trying to position themselves or trying to create their own careers.  And I did like the juan as a service, I did like, you know, innovation consulting, know, all of these kind of things that are a bit too broad.

24:48 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  it's broad.

24:49 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And even I think a little bit presumptuous, you know, like, I mean, I maybe this is a, I have  insecure. I think it's a little bit presumptuous. I mean, I felt a little bit presumptuous when I was trying to frame what I'm doing is like, oh, I'm just clever, know.  It's not presumptuous.

25:14 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  Come again?

25:15 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Pretentious, not presumptuous.

25:17 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  They're two different words.

25:20 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  No, but this is nuanced.

25:22 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  presumptuous is like, I'm making an assessment that's erroneous. I'm assuming that if you go, you know, Aaron, I'm sure your biggest problem is how to upsell your existing customers to new services.  That's presumptuous.

25:39 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  That's being presumptuous because that's not my biggest problem.

25:41 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  biggest problem is that you prospect. So it's like your presumptuous it leads you astray. That's being presumptuous. But presumptuous has it has a indication of arrogance.  So why in that you use the word that picks up a nuance around being a bit arrogant, but the word that hits it on the nose is pretentious, pretentious is you know what is the definition of the word pretentious because I kind of have an idea attempting to impress by affecting greater importance of merit than it actually possesses okay so you're trying to appear bigger than you are or you're trying to convince something of something I think what you're trying to do trying to convince someone of something they've not yet experienced but I don't think you're really I don't think either word captures what you're trying to do yeah I don't kind of be pretentious I don't think you're trying to be presumptuous I think what you're trying to do is you're trying to lead people into an experience that they have not yet had by indicating it but that it's not effective it doesn't work you can't you can't describe to someone a feeling or sensation they've not yet had they can't relate to it so that's why it's ineffective but so I don't think you're like Eric

27:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  and I think you were just trying to articulate that you have certain capabilities in trying to wait or to communicate them but that it didn't the message didn't hit it didn't work like it didn't connect that'd be my take mm-hmm um yeah yeah thank you for clarifying the those two words um I think well basically the my point is I really spoke to me when when on David's book he was talking about like you have all these skills and you try to package them all at the same time you need to leave some of them out and so that's how I arrived at the workshop for experts and it's not my first run at that and when you when you tell me this like your challenge is I don't obviously I don't feel equipped to deal with that challenge but anyway your challenge is to  not do so many things I guess, or maybe you try to do too many things? My challenge specifically? Yeah, I think it said something like, it's too broad compared to Fletch.  My challenge specifically.

28:22 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  I'm conflicted in how to answer this. One part of me thinks that I have a certain personality type, or characteristics that define me.  And in one of the tests I did called the Colby. Have you heard of Colby? You sent me a Let's see, the Colby is like, what about systemization?  And I'm really pulled with systemization. I'm like on the opposite spectrum. So part of me goes, look, why are you trying to force yourself to do something you don't get out?

29:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  don't try and productize.

29:03 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  And then the other part of me goes, you're not going to achieve your goal of becoming an expert with your unique framework around a specific problem.  And a global, you know, if you're too broad, because the broader you are, it's too commoditized and people don't.  it's like the, you know, we know this, the GP, the generalist doctor or the brain surgeon, right? Very few brain surgeons, very high value problem, very complex and sophisticated.  And it's like, I'm personality wise, I'm built to be the generalist, but like, I understand the value of becoming the brain surgeon.  And that's a tension I have. But if you ask me my problem, my problem, yeah, my problem is probably the difficulty in maintaining enough consistency.  with focusing enough time to go deep enough in a very specific set of problems for a very long duration.-hmm.  And they kind of go away because it's boring. I don't want to just keep doing it. I don't want to just do one thing with one type of person over and over and over again.  Even though that's the most effective and efficient way to achieve my financial goals, and I recognize that, it's very hard to stomach the price of having to do that.  Even though there's a lot of, like, you know, you go through a door and more doors open, you go through another specialty store, more doors open, there's always an infinite amount of doors and specialization.  I get that. That's not, I've experienced that previously. You know, I was doing search marketing. I was ahead of search.  I was managing a one point of most amount of UK customers and Google ads. I managing 12,500 customers in the UK.  Probably one of the few handful of people in the world. and any customers in Google at the time. then I, the head of search at one go is managing 500K a month and paid an organic search where a few people were doing that and managing that kind of level of spend.  I was a deep expert and I progressively broadened, I didn't progressively niche and then I went progressively towards self-defining myself as a fractional CMO and now I hang out with CMOs and now CMOs rate me, like I'm part of a CMO community for startups and scale ups, like people rate me in that community.  And like, you know, now it's really interesting but like meta and Google ads are all automated. And like imagine if I would have continued that specialization let's just theoretically say, 12 years ago when I stopped it and I just continued to go into search.  Where would I be today? One, you could say I would have already been retired because if I would have continued after 12 years and I would have done what I did now which broadcast on LinkedIn, content consistently about solving problems and I was a deep expert, I could have...  reskilled the business to 510 mil, 15 mil, 20 mil probably. Why? Because of other agencies who have proven that they've done that.  So, and then if you said, but now they automated and you're kind of becoming out of a job, where would you be?  And then I would have to either reinvent myself or go broad, right? And I kind of saw that happening and I kind of knew that I didn't want to niche.  And I remember in 2013, when HubSpot came to the UK, and I had the option to join, to be one of the first HubSpot partners.  I remember considering it and I couldn't do it. I just couldn't build my business based on the ecosystem of another business to the risk of doing that.  And the same thing with affiliates. reason I never did affiliates is because you're an intermediary and then you're phased out.  So like the problem I guess is, like I've always had this resistance to specialization, know, after having been a specialist.  And I was rewarded financially for welcoming a specialist. And I was very well respected for it. And I kind of write, I still, I'm still struggling with the reconciliation of like a marketing advisor or a fractional CMO, which is a coveted, in demand, desirable function.  A lot of companies want to have a senior level commercial exec who knows marketing, but CMOs are not experts at any one domain of marketing, right?  So it's like an interesting dynamic where if you look at it, a top performance marketer today is on a 85k salary.  fractional CMO, not fractional, a CMO is on 150 to 200 in the US up to 400k salary. There is no in house, paid search or organic search expert that is commanding like, but agency owners, no war experts, they're generating in the tens of millions, right?  They're doing well financially. But you can go why, because they built systems, processes, and team that can solve that problem over and over and over again for lots of different businesses beyond their individual capacity.  They've unlocked the growth levers that allow them to scale. So I think that's like the tension I have with the complexity.  Yeah, fundamentally, if I think about like, do I have a framework now that I can produce LinkedIn posts from, not the same way Fletch does, not in the same way.  I'm talking more broadly about strategic problems and the orchestration of strategic issues in the engine, but not specific problems in the engine, like they are just around positioning.  It's more tangible, the value they deliver. My content is still abstract. It's hard to understand how to take what sounds very smart and into a meaningful, like I think us people who continue my content, my ICP, what exactly are the problems that are unsolved?  I don't think they'll be able to give you a conclusive answer. I think they'll say, he helps me with marketing problems.  What marketing problems do you think Orin helps you with? Maybe audience and customer acquisition. How do you think Orin helps you do that?  I don't think prospects and customers have a really strong understanding of how I solve the problems for them. But if you ask all of the prospects of pledge, they'll say, I have a really clear understanding.  You go, why? Because all the content's hyperspecific, okay, okay, and then what? And then you go to the homepage, and then what do you see on the homepage?  A video that goes through the methodology and framework. There's a lot of problems that I have. It's like, with me, if you think about it, I don't think I'm doing as good a job articulating it because I'm not solving such a concrete set of problems because I'm too broke.  That was a very long answer. I'm to figure it out. Yeah, I did the same.

35:46 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I think well-talking, so I can see some of my thoughts on that. One of the things that appears to me, I don't know, that's what I'm reading in the situation, is that pledge is very...  process-oriented and it seems to me that you're probably more principle-oriented, principles, first principles-oriented.

36:10 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  I think there's a lot of differences between Clutch and I. A, I have a lot more experience in later.  Oh yeah, for sure.

36:16 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  But in terms of this tension, I'm talking about these two poles, right? I per-packaged and just brought.

36:23 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  Yes, I guess I'm talking about like some of the things as to why the tension exists and why the product side part of it broader because I have a lot more experience across lots of different problems.  I agree with you that that's like no here, no there. I guess I'm, for me, it's like what is the problem the business has?  The problem is they need to generate more revenue. They need to regenerate more growth. That's the problem I'm looking to solve.  Like how to help the business unlock the next stage of growth and achieve an increase in ARR. You go, okay, great.  Well, why don't you just do a position? I'm like, well, what? positioning is not the only part of the problem.  It's like they're only solving one very specific problem within the context of the potential set of problems required to build a successful marketing engine.  I solve and own the marketing engine. For me, they're just the  water tank in the engine. It's just one bet.  The thing is, who owns this problem? In theory, the CEO owns the problem of growth and driving results. It's their job to identify the problems and bring the experts to solve the problem.  The reality is that in the car, the part of the car that is marketing, I don't know if that's the engine of the car, let's assume that's the problem.  Let's say there's a complex part of the car that's not necessarily the engine, but it's very important that's marketing.  They don't have enough expertise to diagnose the specific problems in marketing to get that part of the whole car working well.  For me, Fletcher just working one small component of that part of marketing, which is part of the whole car.  So I just own more of that. And that's a double-edged sword that I have.

38:11 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  know what I'm thinking about when I'm comparing those, I tend to assume, and maybe I'm being naive on this, I tend to assume that for like first time or early companies, the CEOs are still figuring out where they're going to be, right?  They don't have this big network of people around them that can help them with the stuff there. At the start of this journey, and maybe I'm assuming a lot, maybe I am.  And so let's say an early-stage company likely to have perhaps a younger or less experienced leadership team, they have, they don't have a deep bench of other experts they can talk to and they don't know what they don't know.  They don't know about the nuance, right? They don't know that the marketing is, I mean they know but they don't really know how complex it is and they're like, oh yeah, we need a new homepage.  So it seems to me that it appeals to a certain immediate kind of, I'm thinking about bosses I've had in the tech, in the tech world.  So, and your nuance take, it takes one to see, to know one, right? You need like nuanced people to see that because you're transferring and I, it's a strong word, but it requires the part of your audience, the ability to put these things together that you're doing and talking about, right?  And they're like the McDonald's, think that's the deal, right? They are McDonald's of marketing, they do like a small thing and really processualize and people know  what it is. So I was thinking about what's the effect in terms of the self-selection of their market, that the fact that what they do is super small.  What's the effect of that? I'm also talking, thinking of thoughts, so yeah. Did it make any sense? I don't know if I went on too many times.

40:26 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  I think the issue is like, I think if someone misdiagnoses their own problem and they think the problem is positioning and their homepage will be the message because they think they've got the right product and the issue is they just need the right homepage and everything else is going to work.  So Fletch is a very appealing option for that specific problem. The problem is it's very probable that that's not the only issue as to why they're not getting traction.  imperfect solution to the real problem. But they're not McDonald's because McDonald's they're McDonald's in the way that they're productized and perfected the process.

41:12 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  You know that have you read the book the emith?

41:15 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  No, no, from Gerber, but they haven't.

41:18 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And have you read the book built to last?

41:21 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  No, it's the same  process. It's just like you hyper you productize a very specific problem and solve the same solution and they've done that to the tea and they've done an That way the McDonald's McDonald's implies low quality.  And I don't think that you're low quality. I think they're very smart capable guys who probably deliver a of value.  So I don't think it's right to say that McDonald's in quality standard, but then the productization process.

41:46 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, but I don't read that McDonald's is low quality. think it's low quality. I mean, it's a comparative thing.  It's very consistent. You know what you're getting in.

41:55 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  But it is low quality like the ingredients of McDonald's, the low quality meat no quality bread it's not healthy this is not as compared to fine dining but if you compare them to even fine i'd say even compared to like average dining it's probably not as healthy right i think they're better than kfc for instance in the world that's interesting in world of i didn't know really i think what's the difference is keski is it why is it because it's deep it's deep fried chicken or the quality of the chicken is low yeah i'm thinking about the deep fried but yeah this is a deeper rabbit hole but but okay we're the same with like you know whether or not they're McDonald's it's a quality and it doesn't matter but yes what you're saying is the fact that they find and productize that they're very legible they're very legible legible you mean um you mean accessible not just accessible i like this word that maybe i'm using it in the wrong way but it's a legible  it's about in my understanding it's about creating a consistent image on the minds of different people different people look at the same team that's not legible no legible means easy easy to understand yes but I get what you're saying I understand I don't I'm it's interesting the it's interesting why the word doesn't work there I guess legible like that there's no subtext of context in English that legible would mean clearly understood in the same way across lots of people like ubiquitous ubiquitous is kind of a better word psych this kind of consists the quality of consistency in your definition doesn't come across with a word legible but it's something about the consistency that you're you're defining  It's like, I think it's just like easy to understand what they do because what they do is very, is very, very, very specific.  It's very small. So it's very easy to articulate the solution to a small problem because it's a small defined problem.  It's very clear. But like, when you're trying to do anything that's beyond a small problem, it gets complex. That's why big businesses have such  homepage because they solve for more than one thing.  Yes.

44:36 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Just capture.

44:37 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  you know, Fletcher criticizing businesses for trying to solve more than one thing. But the truth is, when you're an early stage business, you only solve one problem for one audience in one channel.  The minute you're doing 10 mil ARR, 50 mil ARR, you're likely doing multiple services to multiple persons, multiple problems, niching is not going to solve.  It's not going to have the result. It's just going to grow one part of your business. Yeah, business that doesn't work.  So I think Just do a good job in the fact that they're appealing to Early-stage startup, which is not my ICP.  I don't work with early-stage businesses. My ICP is 5 to 50 mil a hour I'm on the next stage of growth after And I think then they think that ICP Think or recognize that they have that problem Fletch source for and the flesh is very easy to understand there's a solution for that problem So What I'm thinking is and well you you're correct if I'm wrong what I'm thinking is The kind of Audience that you know gets or can cut through

46:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  uh the kind of audience that doesn't need a hyper specific definition of what you do is the kind of audience that's probably uh is facing the complexity and like the vagueness of some of these things this is my assumption I don't know if you agree with it and I think they're not I don't think they're immersed in the how I think my icp are interested in the the result the what but um okay because my my assumption was you would be the perfect guy for and I mean you would be the perfect guy to help somebody put together a team that addresses specific weaknesses in their marketing engine funny enough of all the pillars in my framework that was yesterday someone was asking me where would you specialize and that's the area I said I would specialize in

47:00 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  So it's kind of funny that you clocked the area that I'm most likely interested in niching into. It's pretty remarkable that you managed to do that considering you don't know much about me.  It's kind of fascinating that it's quite aligned with what I already had in mind.

47:18 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  You're very consistent in the way you talk about this I think in this conversation and also I think I identify some of my own dilemmas.  and yeah I mean this it feels to me that there's a lot of stuff to explore there. I can only be descriptive of my own experience but that seems to be like a problem that a lot of people have like do I have the right team?  How do I know I have the right team right? And especially if you're not from the world of marketing I'm not from the world of marketing right?  It gets so confusing because you have all these like SaaS vendors telling you how you should do marketing, you get all of these guys that are like specializing in one aspect, I don't know, traffic in the, because the fish doesn't know is wet, right?  people coming at this from outside marketing, they don't know what they don't know, but they know that they cannot trust what people are telling them.  But that's really difficult to know where they should look into. And putting together a team is about capability building.  Clearly I've experienced putting together teams. Clearly I've put capability building relies on some sort of reading or diagnosis or it mixes.  It's gap thinking, right? It makes where we are today, where we want to go in between. You need a certain set of skills.  These are people. You know how to select people, know the processes for this and you can help with that.  So that's the mental model I've built of what you do. Thank Yeah. So I mean, I don't want to turn this into like a questionnaire, so I'll just drop my notes here.

49:14 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  You can turn it into a questionnaire if you want, I'm happy to go through whatever process is required to get clarity.  I'm not like, I'm not precious about how and I give you when I have any questions. I have a question.  It's like, whatever you think is necessary about the result, you know.

49:34 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Because I think I need better questions now that we've had this conversation, but maybe that's a different issue. But okay, so I'll just go through a few of them, like maybe four of them.  And then I'll think about this.

49:48 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  mean, I've only got six minutes because I've got a client call. I've got one of two really large clients and I can't not go to this call.  So just so you're aware, I'm fortunate as much as I'm been talking, I do have a hard stop.

50:02 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  OK, so let's use those six minutes, not for like a quick question. I'll get a few minutes to get a glass of water and hit the toilet.  Thank you. Thank you for this. This was really valuable for me. I think I want to put some thoughts together, put together in an email.  I have nothing to say about this time. So I just want to keep talking to you and learn more about your world because I think there's stuff that I can use in my thing.  And I'm also mindful of your time. Clearly, you're busy. And today, you're especially busy. So this is the note on which I would like to end this.  Thank you. I really enjoyed this conversation. You were very precise, very open. You helped me with even like the nuanced words.  this was great. And I would love to end this on that note.

50:54 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  How about we spend the last five minutes, I take you through my framework as an alternative. Let's do that.

51:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  if you want to do that I want to do it. I want to do it.

51:03 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  I think it will help maybe articulate the problem, the challenge and then also I'll tell you kind of what I have in mind reaching out to you and how far off I am.  What can you see?

51:20 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay now I see the 27 pillars, yes.

51:23 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  Okay, so you've got business alignment, marketing strategy, marketing communications. Most people think marketing is the bottom third pillar, marketing communications.  Marketing is progressively being pulled into a dilution of strategy and owned into hyper tactical. Most people think this bottom 789 is tactical execution.  In my mind effective results come from an integration of the three pillars. business alignment, marketing strategy, marketing communication. With a business, you kind of need to have your basics, forecasting financial modeling, measurement reporting, and like you have to have done brand strategy.  Then you have to have processes and systems to be able to scale. You have your tech stack, which is also massively over-inclated in its importance in marketing.  You have to do research, market research, audience research, customer research, just like a foundational insight. You have to have team marketing sales alignment and team of a site.  So that third pillar, sub pillar, was what you were just saying, and where I was thinking about specializing, narrowing down, right?

52:35 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Then you have marketing strategy.

52:36 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  This is a lot of what I kind of currently do, of what the real value of marketing executive is.  It's like your market view, understanding your customers, observing the trends, understanding you in the context of your competitors, then narrowing and standing out.  How do you segment prospects and customers? How do you position yourself in the market? know, the April Dunford Fletcher, etc.  How do you target them? Effectively, like where do they live? Where are you going to reach them? Your value proposition, you know, what are you selling?  How is that packaged? The pricing, the value that you create through your positioning and segmentation, and you know, the problem you solve translates into what they're willing to exchange for the value.  And that's how value is created. And then your message and problem, how are you articulating the problem that you solve in a way that resonates for your perspective in the right, the right experience.  Then the bottom three, they're all like marketing business as usual, you know, performance marketing, paid advertising, SEO, affiliates, you know, brand marketing, how do you create like, you know, your ads that are building your brand and producing interesting content, product and sales led growth, which is like, you know, hyper-specific technologies for SaaS, activation, conversion rates, marketing operations, marketing automation, retention advocacy.  Now this is my framework. Right now with Liam, we're writing like each one of the pillars we're writing at the moment, which would take like an theory nine to 12 months to produce a body of work across this whole  gigantic methodology or my approach to how to solve the growth and integrate into the business.  I did it in three minutes. what I had in mind, or what I was curious about with the way that I understood how to position yourself was for me to create framework some tools.  We don't have enough time, but I can show you one that I had created. Actually, I could probably show it really quickly.  This is like one that I had run through a client that I had for six months, I just turned them they didn't have a product market fit.  So can you see my screen? can see the Lucid chart? Yes, I can see your screen is loading up.  This is like a framework that I created. agenda, objective challenges, capabilities. Then, okay, this is your objectives. Okay, what are the opportunities, financial, strategic and team?  What are the challenges and capabilities that you have? Okay, what is the action plan we need in order to define it?  Then I go into my framework, okay, positioning. Okay, what are the different benefits of your service? Who is it for?  I did the internal thing. And then it was very clear what they thought was the value and they had mixed messages.  Then we go into ICP, okay, what's your ICP? You know, what's the current way? What's the jobs to be done?  What's the persona? Then this is something I created from scratch.

55:42 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  Which is like, you know, what are the features?

55:43 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  What's the job to be done? How does that map the benefits? What are the obstacles and what does the value create?  Right, mapping. So you can see, this is like my attempt to create my own framework. And I guess if we zoom out and we go back to this big thing,  In my mind, I need to create lots of little frameworks out of these sub-pillars and very similar to what Fletch do, I create the framework and when I say I, I mean like you and I create the framework, you help me create it, then that content I put a link in, there's like lead magnets and I do a lot of that and I see that and it all is like you can't put yourself because I'm not giving you enough insight as to how to do it but I'm teasing you the framework to show you I have a methodology and I'm solving these specific problems and they're all different parts of this overarching framework.  That's what I'm at the moment. That's it. That was a lot more than I thought we'd get done in the five minutes but now I have to go.  I don't know if that's advantageous to how I had in mind for how I'm moving in the direction of creating unique IP that solves problems but I do think  there's a question about niching and team and just doing it within that domain, which is probably a lot more practical, but that's it for I'm out with my thinking about it.  I have to go. If you can please schedule another call, love to continue to get to the point where there's a proposal of how we can work together to try to help me achieve the goal.  I have some blockers, but I'll openly discuss the blockers I have with you so we can discuss and look at what that looks like as a shape.  Cool.

57:27 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'll send you an email. This is great. I really don't want to hold you for your call. I've done exactly this thing very recently for a very specific product, so I'll find ways of showing you bits of it that do not compromise their own IP.  I'm talking to them about that. I have stuff to tell you about. Thank you for showing me this stuff as well.

57:51 - Oren Greenberg (Kurve Limited)
  Have a great one.