---
title: Design Sync
date: '2024-12-16T14:00:00.000000Z'
duration: 30m
participants:
- João
- Abbey Lin
source: https://fathom.video/calls/198260608
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:32:40.104726+00:00'
---

Design Sync - December 16
VIEW RECORDING - 51 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/DcS3NryxyJ9eM9WLm9BbiAtMaUVUeTeW

---

0:02 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Now it's coming in. Let me see if I can join. Ivan, did you go to heaven?

0:11 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  He wanted to go to heaven.

0:13 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Yeah, nice one. Hello.

0:16 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Hello, everyone.

0:35 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Okay, Mustafa is not going to join. just had a handover, a long handover meeting with end. He has to go to another one.  But yeah, we decided to get Ivan just like a more regular sync with the design team also.

0:49 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  So that's why we have Monday and Friday.

0:51 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  And at the same time, I had discussed at a long session with them on Friday where we kind of discussed, or I've asked also for Jaumeau and Romeo to kind of come up with a  answer were more like consistently like working or different hours of the day or like very clear on what we're going to be moving ahead so that we can keep on top of each other so that we can start moving forward.  So that's why we decided to have this sync and just kind of kick it off to there. And I think, so I don't know, Zhao, do you want to start or or me or Yvonne?

1:27 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Well, I think a simple way, you guys want to experiment with this, a simple way for us to frame this is like priorities for the week on the business side, the technology side, and the design side.  And then you see if there's any blockers, anything you can help with. Yeah, sounds good.

1:45 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, so for me, like we have a board meeting on Friday before the holidays with all of our investors joining, they join every like every quarter, one board meeting.

1:56 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  And so I would like to show them part of our platform.

2:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  with Yvonne about like what can we actually show them you know before this time period. So they're gonna try to get like at least risk assessment and part of third parties and but they're still on track I say right Yvonne until the end until the end of December.  Yeah and so and I told Yvonne that like and I had the conversation with you guys on Friday and I also had a meeting with Ochre Horizons one of our pilot customers around third-party management and where we just kind of drew on the board what could third-party management look like.  So I do feel that over the Christmas time I need to like work on what we talked about on Friday Xiao and also this is kind of rewrite some of these like workflows for risk management and that and as a result of that most likely in early January timeframe I'm going to need the design team's help and kind of redesigning you know that that workflow based off of the discussion on Friday and then also the discussion  day on third party as we start like planning for the environmental.

3:06 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  So like our design right now is based off of G, but actually our pilots want the E part. So the E part isn't really designed yet.

3:14 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So but I'm the good thing about the E part is like I'm literally working through the methodology offline right now as I kind of discussed it.  So we kind of almost need to draw that out in January and kind of deploy that in January, the E side of it.

3:28 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Isn't the E side the same as G side regarding structure?

3:31 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  The structure is why it's like so the policies will be different, the training will be different and the controls will be different.

3:37 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  design for that.

3:38 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  We don't need design for that. You give us a file. Okay, but then there will be some differences. I think risk management and third party management will change.

3:46 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  There's still going to be steps but this might be a little bit different. But I would say like maybe like 70 percent of it is the same.

3:54 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  There might be some nuances around that.

3:57 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  For me it's like we're trying to get these two companies to deploy very quickly in January where they test out our system.

4:06 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  so then the integrity hub and the employee portal ideally would be working along with the controls because that's going to be I think we have an opportunity that if we land like the employee portal really well it's going to make us look good because board members like employees it's like a viral effect I think like for a lot of people see that then it's going to make our tool look good so we have make sure that can be deployed well in that process.

4:34 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So I think that like we have this we have this big push until the end of the year but like you know what and we've talked about Robio like what you know what else can we do so that in January when this big push is done where can you know Yvonne and the team go to either clean it up fix some of the bugs or fix some of the designs you know like the plan C do an act like I feel like that should be in there because it makes it a lot easier.  for the auditors to know where to go, know, there's some mapping of policies that we figured out on Friday that we need to put into the tool somehow.  I feel like the control homepage when we walk into like the control section, it could be a little bit easier to do.  So there's a few like here and there things that we should have ready so that in January they can start implementing those.  But yeah, but I don't know what you guys need, you know, Mao, Xiao, Romeo, from us and also to, yeah.

5:36 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  Yeah, since Friday we didn't have enough time to redraw a plan for the next couple of months. we are going to do this today.  So we're going to have a more clear vision of what to do, what can we do and when and the scope and everything.  So to come up with a proposal for you because we are in a moment right now as I see that you know we want to make a big and good impact to the first place without compromising ourselves too much so that's the biggest and the hardest decision to make in terms of what should we start with its companies and how can this even if it's a test a very good experience for them so I think that's the mindset that we are discussing since yesterday but since Friday but we don't have certainly still a plan but we are going to talk and establish this plan for the next couple of months I think that's that's the idea.

6:54 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I think one thing if you think about business needs I don't know if you know what your schedule this week but because I sat down  with Ocar Horizons today where we mapped out the third party management process. I could just imagine talking you through that and you having Miro kind of being like, okay, one step two, how do we actually, how could that look?  I think that could be helpful, especially while it's kind of fresh in that, because then that can, if we kind of have that, then like this week, then maybe or like, or tomorrow or Wednesday, maybe Romeo could also look into like how similar isn't to the design that we already have that maybe we don't have to change a bit, or maybe we need to add one or two different things for it.

7:36 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  That could be some of the process.

7:40 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Quick question.

7:42 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  sorry to interrupt. So you had a meeting with the Ocar Horizons. Then you mapped out the third party risk management process, because third party risk management, like it can be done in so many different ways.

7:59 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So then I would change subject matter experts so we kind of just like mapped it down like how how could it look if we wanted to do the Toyota version of it and then she did actually give me some thoughts that I hadn't thought about that we hadn't bought into the tools like the whole sanction screening part I kind of forgot about it so it's like there are some some aspects that I think we can add in to make it make sense on the on the G side and at the same time I'm still going through the the E side and we're getting some documentation I think hopefully by Thursday like that we need to like plug into like all those documentation talked about on Friday like I need to map it and then we need to put it in the right way but I should have some of the templates at least ready hopefully by this week or next week so my my my goal is over the Christmas holiday I'm going to like sit down and kind of map everything and try to map all of the different steps and everything and it could be good I don't know when are you back after our after New Year's what date are you back

9:00 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  So after New Year's, I'm back on the ninth, I think. Ninth, no, ninth, no.

9:06 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  OK, yeah, maybe we can.

9:09 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Maybe it's best to assume 13, because then it's Friday, and I'm not sure what time my flight arrives. OK, yeah, then, yeah, that's fine.  I'm on the 13th. Maybe we can do it on the 13th or something like that. We can have a follow-up on that.

9:31 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  I'll pencil that in, and then we can adjust it.

9:34 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, OK.

9:37 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Yeah, so I'm hoping by then I'll have at least the material offline, then we can have a discussion on how to do that.

9:48 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  But I'm wondering, I don't know if there's anything, or even Mao, like I don't know when you're taking holiday, we can meet like, if I don't know if there's anything, or if we do, we need to wait for Xiao.  I'm hoping that we get some stuff done in the in the beginning of January, right? So like so that because the deck team will be working like in the beginning of that's two weeks.

10:07 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  So I don't want to wait until the 13th necessarily.

10:10 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  There's two weeks of work that can be done. But I don't know what can be done there.

10:13 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  Yvonne, what what would you need?

10:14 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Because you have the big push at the end of December, right? And then and then the end of December, then January, like what would you need from the design team or or testing?

10:25 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  depending on what's the goal, because in January I'm still getting mixed.

10:30 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  I'm not sure what's the exact goal because we talked about updating the old the previous designs.

10:35 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  We talked about polishing the existing features.

10:37 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  talked about creating a wish list for the release or task list, not wish list for the release. depending on the priority, that's that's what I need regarding design.  the answer to that is just polish things, then I don't need much. Then, for example, we need Google sign in, you can add Google button on the login page.  That's that big of a deal. that's like minor stuff. Do we need to go? Do we need to update the designs to the newest ones in January or do we do something else?

11:08 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  We do need to update the designs in January and it's almost like now I'm a little concerned like how much because even your team is working in early January, so there's two weeks you guys could be.  So at the end of like let's just say if we work backwards the end of January at the latest I would like to have deployed like like deployed onto the two small companies but whether or not that's like the last week of January or like whatever like we were able to they're able to log in or do something like yeah but I'm not sure if doing the redesign is then good good idea to be honest at least not in the in the complete way just because we should maybe rather focus on polishing out the all the necessary things for testing because I think the onboarding was mentioned right we would need to

12:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Currently, there's no onboarding. just log in into the app and you have everything there. maybe we can improve that.  I would say we need to create a priority list, and based on the priority, we need to see what's the design there.  That would be my suggestion.

12:15 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Prioritize.

12:16 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  We can do some redesign, but I wouldn't necessarily do everything. We can maybe prioritize the redesign.

12:21 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  My thing is, Ivan, what you're building by the end of December is not what's going to be launched at the end of January.  So maybe either we need to push the launch, or because what we need to launch at the end of January for the two pilots is the E.  So we don't have anything for the E yet. Everything that we built is for the G side, other than the boxes, right?

12:41 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  So we still need the risk assessment process. Why is it so different?

12:45 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  we somehow, because that's why then... Yeah, okay, I understand. I understand the problem there, but can we somehow merge it with whatever we have current so that we don't have to do new stuff for E?  I don't know, it seems to me like... We cannot because he's different. What I'm trying to think because we are now building stuff.  So policies, procedures, and training is the same.

13:09 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  It's just the content is different. Environmental policy. That's fine. That's fine.

13:14 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  So don't worry about that one.

13:15 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  That one is done and we need to polish that up, right? And even if you deploy that, that's good because if that deployment works, it's still going to take some time for them to come back.

13:24 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  So polishing that and making sure that policies, procedures, training flow works, I think that's one of the key things in terms of privacy.

13:30 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  That's just another category on top of existing. doesn't...

13:33 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Exactly. And then you have the controls box.

13:38 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  The controls will be different. And I still need to figure out what these controls are actually going to be.  And then you have the employee portal. Some of that's going to be different because they're not going to be registering a conflict of interest for environment, right?

13:48 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  That's a G topic, but there'll be different topics.

13:50 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  if those are ready by the end of January, we can deploy it. assessment and third-party risk management, we can do offline, but that's all I would say.

14:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  party risk assessment we can do maybe offline but it's those two I feel like we need to get those processes as soon as possible because those are like what you describe is not is not that change the thing is how will we show it so what we need then is how will we show your g-categories in the app so how will the application look it's a bit unclear right now you mentioned we will start with e which is fine then I guess we won't have the option they won't option to choose yet but how does the app look like then because if you mentioned policies to communication trainings are the same just different content then we can just have different content we don't need to do anything there for the pilot release I'm talking about pilot release only then for the communications we don't also have to necessarily do anything else other than design the new service for controls and new new content basically and with those can we for example roll out with the current version of the app to them plus of course polishing some changes blah blah  stop just with different content because that sounds to me like we can from what I understood from you. I think we can for January but soon after in February we'll need to like have the other things like right and this is my question I don't know what do we need to onboard a customer like let's say both of the companies are around 20 people like do we need to ask the customer for their email addresses and do we just like suddenly put them into the tool we like I've been kind of mapping out there's like categories like board members should get these kind of documents management should get these kind of documents approvers should get these we need user management but we don't have time to do it to be honest we can add that we can create accounts manually for pilots but for the real release we'll need user management pages like simple things like who is admin who can add users it uses blah blah blah that usual stuff so we'll need that but for pilots we don't necessarily have to do it we can just add them manually and and and let them use it so we can maybe speed up that process but you

16:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  the the once they get the accounts they log in but then is it okay that do we need what do we need that's my question what do they need to see what do they need to and this is the thing I also talked with the Brazilian team about like what does that log in when they come in and how does how does it look like but one for like right now we're really talking about a small group of people depending on like us like one or two people need to actually see the compliance map and whatever you're 99% of the people are going to see the employee portal right or some kind of approval page and the controls right and then the the other part you know will be built in so we need to kind of see like yeah how do we want to make this currently how I see it for example let's imagine person a company gets access to admin they need to then what's next what they need to do is they need to go into policies

17:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  and they need to go through all those policies, verify them, change them, blah, blah, that stuff and deploy them in the end.  Once they deploy them, then they need to contact their employees or their employees actually will get emails to acknowledge those policies.  we have that, we have those flows in. Yeah, exactly. I remember your timeline that you showed and it's basically that.  So I'm not sure which kind of changes that then we need to do for that pilot release. I mean, we have work to do, have policy to do testing and so on, but what do you like to do?  This is not updated number one.

17:41 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  We're not even meeting with the pilots until January 21st, right? But part of it is within one week, policies, procedures, trainings, communications, that can just be launched at once.  But exactly one week later, we should have third party management ready and to launch and that process will change a little bit depending on the conversation.  and like what we can actually deploy in our system. Maybe risk management has to be done offline in a process.  But then like, I think I need to redo this also because now we have 10 pilots, right? This is only like, now we're talking about like, how quickly can I get these two small companies on board so we can test out before we launch?  Like how soon, like by March, are we able to at least get like, that would be by Q1, at least by March, we've gotten the rest of the nine pilots at least testing our product or talking on, by the last week of March at the latest, right?  Because we want to say that they've deployed in Q1.

18:36 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  So is that enough time going back from the end of March to get three people on to the first two being deployed at the end of January?

18:44 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Meaning that's like really eight weeks from like deployment, testing, making changes for the other three to be on. I don't know, but maybe shall we have to work on a plan on this and like look back on how can this actually work out?

19:02 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  So, yes, so what I'm thinking, this is what I'm thinking right now, kind of thinking out loud so let's see if it makes sense.

19:14 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So there's a few timelines going on.

19:16 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  There's like a product development creation timeline, right? There's an investor's meeting timeline and there's a testing, piloting timeline and all of these things, they match at different stages, right?  Yeah. And the difficult part is making sure they all connect. Or that we have a good story, and this is a good planning, because I have a board meeting, so if I say like, this is our plan and then, you know, you're not actually, like, I just have to have a good story.

19:46 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  And right now my story is like in Q1, they're deploying, that's all what I've been saying, like, know, and like, whatever that looks like, we can tell it, but the sooner I can tell them actually it's Q2, we're deploying.  You know, they might not like it, but I need to be able to let them know. what it is in that process, yeah.

20:04 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  I would imagine, I don't know, maybe I'm speculating here, but I would imagine that if we, in that board meeting, if we managed to have a bigger chunk of the board meeting, being about what we have learned through the interviews and the biologs, and a smaller percentage to be about what was developed.  I mean, it needs to shown for sure. But if we have a meeting that is about what was developed, that's going to be very stressful for everybody involved because it's a big thing to do, there's been changes and so on.  If we managed to sprinkle some more, oh, this is what we've learned about our customers and this insight informed our new version, this feels like progress, not just spinning our wheels, right?  So I do, it does feel that there's a story to be told there and we wouldn't be lying or anything, it's like, it's a real process, it's just bringing it up.  with that, for sure. And the other thing is one observation, and now there's another observation, right? Perhaps something that would help us to have more visibility on the decisions that we have is to have some sort of single source of truth.  I think we are reaching a stage of the project that this becomes really necessary because it's not just on Figma, it's not just on PowerPoint, it's like some things are best represented in some specific formats, and we need to know where to find information about this decision or information about this strategy.  And this also feels like a mural session that will then become something else. So this is the second thing.

21:51 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  The first topic that I brought is more about how to solve our issue for Friday.

21:55 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  The second topic that I brought is my attempt at...

22:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  thinking how can we make alignment smoother and yeah and I think for Friday I think it's also just good because we're going into the holiday period right so like using like this week to kind of align so that you know even like and it just happens to work on Friday we could tell the board that we have a plan to align but it's also like okay even it's gonna have two weeks you know before Shao even comes back you know from holiday you know what should he work on in those two weeks that will move it forward what can Romeo and Mao do in between then to make sure that we continue to move forward but then also like even like we're saying like what is our goal like and I think if we map it out maybe we have a session this week because like maybe I'm being ridiculous that we can get 10 on by March like maybe actually if we actually map it down a mirror it's not possible for them to start before you too but we could say we can work offline with you you know in January we started collecting the data and putting everything like that and then in April we actually deploy with you that's fine because that's still kind of progress with our  We're still like engaging them and everything, but we there's still like a clear plan of like What is it gonna happen?

23:07 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Yeah, what difference in having two customers and ten customers?

23:11 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Because like like in in Norway we have some of like the biggest brand names like yeah in there and like my my like I don't want to mess up with these brand names So like I'd rather mess up with two really friendly ones because I have a feeling when we deploy We're gonna find out a lot of issues that are coming through with them So these are friendly ones that we know that will like they're okay if that we totally screw up with them Clean those up and then deploy like slowly with the other ones just because of the Just because of the the brand names that we have in Norway.

23:41 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  We don't want I would say that also with these bigger companies We can also have a initial period that will be a bit to ease them in but another thing is I would say until March If we will just need to polish things after March that that won't that would be okay

24:00 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  The problem might happen if we need to add or change stuff, lots of stuff.

24:05 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Then we are running into issue of timeline, how much time we need to change it and so on.

24:09 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  And that's what I'm a little bit worried about, Yvonne, because I think our tool just looking at it, I don't think it's deployable.  My gut feeling looking at it, we're missing the tracing and the tracking, we're missing the dashboards. There's parts of it that I feel like are not done.  when we first test pilot with these first two, it's going to be clear that it's not, like there are key things that we need to get fixed before we can deploy it into larger ones.  And that's my a little bit worried because we haven't like really gone through even deployed it within ourselves holistically.  So like I'm hoping like my goal is like, and maybe I need to push this even further up, is that we have a good clear idea of what we need in each of the sections for E, so that we can like do that.  And then we can kind of test it out and deploy it with these smaller companies and then deploy it because that's also part of the timeline like Cognite, which is like the 600 person unicorn company.  three different countries they want us to go as soon as possible with them and I'm like let me wait, let me wait but they really want that ISO certification quickly and if I go like oh you're not going to get it until June they're not going to be super happy you know so it's like I need to figure this out but at the same time we need to like we could also do the ISO offline for them if needed it but it's like the whole point is try to deploy it within our tool.  So these are some of the things I think we need to to figure out and what is the likelihood of it being if I if I get like some designs I don't know Mao and Romeo in early January with you you guys you know like and the designs are more like the designs are more like here is new content like here is new content for the controls maybe that doesn't need to change so much but I think the content for third-party management and risk management will change a little bit like maybe you don't need to show all ESG risk you only have to show e-risk maybe like I need to figure this out over Christmas time and like spend some time with like my subject matter expertise had.  chat to be to try to figure out how it could actually look and then that will be ready hopefully by the beginning of January where you can maybe draw something out or maybe even can already look at it and be like actually it's not that many changes I just need to change the boxes here and just like move the text boxes you know here like instead of four steps there's five or instead of this there's that but it's like it's still we're still in the same neighborhood like a risk assessment is a risk assessment it's going to look kind of the same so I don't anticipate huge changes but I can anticipate that instruction is being different and that might like need to be changed so we can test it out there but the kind of overall content is yeah you're still going to have to send out a questionnaire you're still going to have to you know risk tier it so that stuff here and I'm trying to

27:00 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  hit myself. one of the, please correct me, anyone, from the technology perspective, there's an aspect of, I think, even in the team needs some clarity on what to put the most energy in.  I assume, correct me if I'm wrong. And there's a few options. There's the option of focusing on updating design.  I'm not saying it's the right one. I'm just listing the ones that I could lecture. So updating the design on January, for January.  The new onboarding flow, that's another possibility. There's an aspect around changing the content of the E, especially around policies, trainings and controls.  I have more question marks on this. I'm not fully sure I understood it. There's also the possibility of developing the updated employee portal.  And there's also something that even brought up, is the user Management pages even did I get get it right all the options you could see or did I miss something?

28:07 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  There are probably more and basically we need a plan on what's important for release. That's it doesn't you know mention a couple of things but until end of December beginning of we'll have a Certain version of our app it will look how it will look We need to do is then test it see if the design is okay because we did not copy design one-on-one from figma We need to we we did not use everything So we'll need to review it with you guys and then need to clean it up probably So sometimes we'll go into that to adjust it.  So a part of that can be the redesign part We can maybe find some nice balance between pre-doing everything and just Switching it a bit so that it looks nicer And then what what do we need to add to start testing?  So that's the basically the question I think that's the key question what the pilots need the two initial? fun is to start using the app.  Once we have answers to those questions, we can start planning and be more detailed in plan and organization. Perfect.

29:13 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  I agree. think that some sort of a road map view would be helpful to me to understand, okay, this might not be done now, but it will be done around this time.  From a business perspective, is more for Abby. Each of these different possibilities, they best serve a different business objective.  For instance, if the focus would be to update all the designs, the business objective that I think gets most impact from this is branding, perhaps, right?  the most important business objective for now is end-to-end experience, perhaps the redesign, the visual redesign is not as important, but just, you know, filling up all the little missing parts would be more important.  So I think this is the key question, I don't know for this session, but for this week, what's the most important?  Yeah, it would be great.

30:24 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So for me, I think if you split up the years, like the four quarters next year, before June, we need to get as many customers on our platform as possible, at least, I would say existing customers, our 10 have to be on the platform and using it.  I would say using it for a couple months, like so probably like May or April is the latest that we can get, because they need to be trying on, we need to convert them, so we need them to try it on and say that they like it by the end of June, like that, and like, so like the story that I was thinking of telling like investors and like  And our plan is that the first quarter is around testing, trying to get them on, doing the kinks, deploying.

31:08 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  The second quarter is getting more onboarded, getting understanding, getting all of the 10 onboarded by this time.

31:16 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  by the end of June, we have a working product that we can scale because we know that it works with these 10 pilots.  And then our idea is that we're going to go for funding after summer with the understanding of like, look, hey, we have a good pipeline of customers coming in, we have good partnerships that we have with auditing and consulting firms.  We have converted X amount of our pilots. now the money that we get in after the summer is going to be like the scalability of it.  But we've now, before the summer, tested the product and it's working and it's ready to go to market now.  And if you give us funding at the end of the summer, then we'll be able to deploy it. by the end of June, we should have, like before the summer, we should have a working product that we  need to kind of scale in there and then ideally we've been able to convert most of our our pilots and really understanding where so there might be some tailoring for each of the pilots and whatever like you know to try to make sure that they get on but like the goal is to like and I think if we start with the e it's better because the e people don't have an opinion on it they're just like get it done the g you've noticed and when we talk them they have a little more of an opinion on how it can be done so e is like just get it done give us the paperwork and and that so that's that's kind of the the the the feeling and I think that other than Cognite and maybe those other two they kind of want to deploy the other ones we might be able to convince them to deploy later on like in in in quarter two but I also don't want to wait too long because the longer we wait with them the longer they're not incentivized they're like oh we could keep doing it later keep doing it later some of these we've been talking to almost for a year now so it's like at one point we need to just deploy on them and see if it's going to work so that that's kind of the thinking is  Before June like get the pilots tested get a working product after summer is the is the scaling and ability to kind of grow and kind of get a large seed round and then and then grow the business after that, so that's kind of the business idea.  Thank you.

33:18 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  This is really helpful. Given that scenario question just showing it here on the table with some sort of a roadmap backlog grooming sort of thing be helpful for the development team as well.  With what story be helpful. So we need in this context of several possible business objectives, several, you know, that have been started and so on.  And we need to be helped for you guys to. for us to do some sort of session that will bring everything into view like everything that's done different just you know sequence the work and at least get a shared image of what's happening.

34:12 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  I'd say it's pretty simple so what do developers need to do they need to I don't know just imagine they need to add a user management page that can be an example okay we need the time for user management page that's it it's simple as that so once we get the answer of what developers needs to do in January, February, March then we have the answer of what developers need from the design team that's it yeah and I think that's like kind of like I think the challenge that we have it's kind of almost like we're building as we fly right so we don't know yet exactly what we need on e because I need to figure out what we need to on e we don't know what needs to be fixed on the app because the app hasn't been done yet but the app will be done you know in the end of December and then there probably when we actually try running through it we'll start when we actually start seeing it we start to see more bugs and more and more missing pieces and more

35:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  or that we need to actually fix in January. So there's a bit of a like a yeah, that's kind of the challenge.

35:10 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Appie needs to first figure out what the requirements for E, then she needs to communicate that to us, then we need to figure out what are we missing to do that, because she will come up with some E stuff.  Once you figure out what we are missing, we need to design it and once we have designs, we can do it and develop it and know about how much time we will need to develop it.

35:33 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  I'd say that's the timeline we need to follow and that's how we need to approach it.

35:37 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  And then along the way, will have probably after January, we have a more complete app, so we can be able to test it and then we'll also have a different pipeline of bugs and fixings that we want to do and then we'll talk about prioritization and all that other stuff.  So I would say we can balance those things later, but key here is to have it for you to...  to find out what exactly is E, how does E look?

36:06 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Because I think we can also do something in between, like policies, procedures and training, like we can, like that E, can get you some documentation after the end of this week.  I'm not concerned about it. No, I'm concerned about it though, because I'm not sure that like, because we haven't tested the employee, like we haven't tested it.  That's what the like, I think that's where the two small companies can do. We can actually deploy them, test it and then get, you know, get the findings in January.

36:34 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  can already start deploying that section with them. no additional work in theory, no additional major work required for that other than ad content, right?  Well, once we deploy it, I think there's going to be work, like Yeah, yeah, before deployment, they can start using it as we imagined it in Figma as we are building.  Yeah, I hope so.

36:55 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  feel like we, maybe this is why I just need to go in and up because I feel like. Yeah, the the way that it's set up.  It's might not be Yeah, it's uh, I Yeah, okay But yeah, cuz I feel like we went through so quickly with eggs like we haven't Through it even like when I go through the demo sometimes it doesn't totally make sense But I just like skip through it really quickly and then I go to the next section so they don't see like and that's where I feel like Like yeah, I don't I don't know like it's a whether it's like Mauer Romeo or like like you guys can also go in the tool and say like you know Does it does it make sense in the way that it's set up now, you know, the US life perspective?

37:35 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Can you can you maybe the next time break down? What does it make sense to because to me?

37:40 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I know I need to sit down on it, but I also want to see it all like in a like Policies communication training.

37:51 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  I think the flow is done. So mostly done 95 percent So I think you can actually go through it and see what needs to be improved and what can we do because that?  one is, as I said, done. Okay, there are probably UI things that we need to fix, probably bugs and stuff like that, but generally the flow is done.  So you can sit through it to go through it and test, click it and see if it makes sense.  To me, it makes sense. You have a policy, you create it, you deploy it, and then you wait for answers.

38:16 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  I don't know, maybe I'm missing because I don't have- But do you guys have the also the deployed and the follow-up in that aspect of it already built?

38:24 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, that's working.

38:25 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  That should work.

38:26 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  You should get an email, then you can go to employee portal, you can click to work knowledge, and then it should work.  Mao and Romeo, have you guys, or Zhao, have you guys actually gone into the app yet or looked at it?

38:39 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Yes. I didn't get- I mean, this was maybe three weeks ago or something? Yeah, we've changed a lot in those two weeks.

38:49 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, I think it would be really also helpful, like Mao and Romeo this week, like to actually go in the app and look at policies, procedures, and for me, it's like, I have so much-  on my plate, then I go through fast, then I have like, for you, Mao and Romeo to go through, as like new people who haven't done this before, like, does this make sense for you as a policy, as a procedure, as a training or communication?  Does it actually make sense for you? Like, if you were to like, to do that, again, I think that it would be helpful if you guys could look at that and see, okay, what is actually missing?  Then can we draw up something? Like, there seems to be a flow missing here, or like, it's really strange that you go straight into controls, and there's no other step involved.  Like, these are the things that it would be really helpful if you guys should spend even one or two hours now just like, and then documenting it too, that would be even helpful because then the development team can work on that in early January.  So like, some work can be done this week on that. And I'll have a look at it too. I feel like I want to sit through everything, but I just need to do it too.  Yeah. Yep, you do that.

39:57 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  But do they have access now?

39:59 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  even like

40:00 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Yeah, it's the same account should work if they're not work because we might have done the database resets in the middle just being male will create new ones but they should work in theory.

40:10 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Right.

40:11 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  If not just being we'll we'll give you new ones.

40:13 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  It's fine.

40:14 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  So I could join right now I'll yeah app slash the ifontest dot fortify opens to me. Yeah.

40:25 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  And if you go to like policies procedures and go to like risk management like go to the compliance map and then policies procedures and training and just look like like you know I discussed with you like I feel like it's not totally like the the user like thing going in straight there like because maybe that is where we can optimize you know or like same thing like when an employee like gets a message you know and they suddenly go into the employee portal like I think those are the ones that we can optimize because those are the ones that are going to be and controls are going to be policies procedures trainings and controls and employee portal those are going to be the ones that are like  That's what we deploy more immediately while we can do the other ones, maybe a little bit offline in the process.

41:07 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  If I wouldn't optimize, usually in tech we have a saying, we'd never optimize preemptively because you never actually know what to optimize.  I would suggest not optimize too much because we actually don't know how most of our pilot customers would work.  In my opinion, that's not my opinion, I would rather have features, however they look and however they feel, which users can then give us feedback on and see the improvements there.  I think that's maybe better than trying to go over the existing stuff and trying to see if this is perfect, because it will never be perfect, and we actually don't know how compliance officers or actually the regular employee in a company works with it, because I would say on this call, we are all computer savvy, because it's our work, are all computer savvy, and we don't know how average employee who maybe is not so computer savvy or is a bit older personal behavior.

42:00 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  so maybe to them it will not be good to someone else will be good and so on.

42:04 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So I would rather that we have features that we can send out, test and work and then maybe improve on them later.  Something to think about because it's really hard to optimize something that we don't know what's the bottleneck yet because for example, Zhao might say, I don't know, this doesn't make sense to me and then Mao can come in and say, oh, but this doesn't make sense to me.  This doesn't make sense to me. So what then? I don't know. I have a feeling that it's better that we keep on moving and then we optimize once we have the actual feedback after the customer interviews and everything from the real application, not the designs.

42:40 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  I tend to agree with you. Just a suggestion.

42:44 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  Yeah, that's good. Thank you very much. I think this meeting actually is going very well. First of all, I would say that now that we have a timeframe, which is too  wanted Q2 and then we know what we want to achieve in Q2, for example. Now we can just do a reverse roadmap to see what's missing, what we have right now, and what you're going to prioritize from now to achieve that in June, for example.  think now, as you said, everything is going on the so sometimes it gets a little bit complicated and confused and everything so that's why making these decisions and these reasons is going to help us to organize everything.  So from my side, for example, I'd like to spend some time in the next couple of hours with Juan Romeo and then we can map it out everything.  I agree with you in terms of having a roadmap, visual roadmap for all of us, somehow which is clear, making highlighting which is going to be on the app or

44:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  said what's going to be offline and when it's going to be offline so we have to map it out everything so we are going to be on the same track I think that's a good idea for us to organize everything so now that we have this horizon for you know the next six months for example for work that's that's just like trying to wrap me everything in my head right now yeah I think like yeah like for for me there are a few like key things like even going into it now like right now we don't have a deployed to we just have full-on deployment like I know that's not going to pass like I already know like like hydro rain or alive when we like I only want some going to the board I don't need like management I don't need that so like we need to add before deployment we need to add who like a choice it shows up in the box right like if you see about like it's not you cannot select yeah you're right it's just disabled and says everyone yeah yeah exactly so there there's like some things that in terms of like the deployment that we  we need to have we need to have that. You know, fix before we I don't know where it is anymore.  No, it's because maybe it's because it's deployed or not. It's going to view like, yeah, like the deployment here.  This is like key like you have a state, but it doesn't say choose who you like to send in.  Like like this needs to be done. I think like this thing here, like I don't think it totally makes sense because you're not going to go from policy to policy on this.  It's not like an order, right? Like it's better better just to go to policy home and then you're like you're taken back to it because it doesn't totally make sense.  So there's like a few of these things that I feel like and then for training, I realized for training we're required to as part of the ISO.  It's not just the training. This is something we need to discuss.

45:48 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Is that you have to have questions at the end of it. Like you have to be able to show that you've tested the kids like the kids, the employees knowledge after looking at this.

45:56 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So it's like, where can we, you know, in the employee portal after they reach view this like how do you add a few yes no questions so you can document that they pass the test like yeah we can we can talk about it yeah we can have a questions on in the end of each of these so once you scroll through this PDF we can have a questions there that they can answer and so we can have things like that yeah but but we need to write down what exactly is required like you now you mentioned two things but the first one we are aware of the first one we were aware of the first and it's something we can do in January but the second one we need we just need a list basically that's it yeah and the same thing with like whistleblowing like there's like you know for whistleblowing hotline like more and more people are interested in that but we need to have it a way to anonymize it when people like respond like so there's a few things that will come out like as we try and like for you know for for um this I think this is yeah this is interesting like yeah maybe it's like a little bit easier to  read through here.

47:00 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  like, yeah, so I think, I think, I think we're not too far away.

47:05 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  But it's more, yeah, the employee portal needs to be updated.

47:09 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  When is that on your list?

47:10 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Because the employee portal has been redesigned, right? Where? Yeah, but which part?

47:16 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  I just realized the employee, when you go to employee portal, it goes to policy, they should probably go to the home.

47:22 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, the home is on the page.

47:23 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  So that's why it's not going to home.

47:25 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  And it's not static.

47:27 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, we will not be doing home page for now. For this end of December, we will do policies, communication training, submissions, this is for controls and for vendors.  Vendors will not have employee portal, they will just have a link, which will access to that. And then in January, can publish it.

47:43 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, but this is what I'm saying, like, so by January, we should have that, we should add that then maybe on, like, I think, Xiaoyu guys are working on an employee portal, right?  So that could be like a clear first thing that done in early January is to do the employee portal next, right, with the designs that Xiaoyu has.

47:59 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  And then, like, that's

48:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  airport or the integrity hub because I think I think you guys are having that done this week, right? I think you already have the employee hub.  I think it's the integrity hub you have this week, right?

48:09 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  I can't remember.

48:12 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, the employee portal is uh, I mean the version is is done on Figma.

48:20 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Now I think we tomorrow we'll deliver the what's missing from policies trainings and communication. And the deployment part of it then is that was?  We didn't change much about the deployment flow because we changed more like the entry way into the poll is like explanation of what it is and okay so.  Yeah, but I guess like it makes sense then to have another call for planning on Wednesday or something.

49:01 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  like where you guys are discussing it a little bit and then we come together and then we just kind of draw a timeline that we agree to bring to the board and kind of manage you know from from there.  Yeah I think it's good.

49:11 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  We are going to work on that today and probably tomorrow we can send to you and then we can arrange a meeting or you can just have a look on everything and then come back and then we have all our opinions about that so why isn't it Wednesday?  think that's that's the plan.

49:27 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  We need to have this plan right now.

49:30 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I think the first two then we should like try to have like yeah in January at least Ivan is the portal that is links where actually employees could submit like different things and it's all connected because that's gonna be key for deployment.  We're gonna need that for deployment so yeah.

49:49 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Let's create a roadmap and then we can talk about each item on the roadmap because still I'm still of the opinion but that's just my opinion that redesigning doesn't make much sense when we are short.

50:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  time because especially for portal because this is something they'll need to do so if it's in yellow color on just plain transparent I don't think they'll mind uh in in in this phase of the product in long run I agree we need to have the new design I like the new design better so I would like to have it but let's let's create a plan then we'll prioritize I would suggest that and that way we can we can have a clear picture of what we can do what we cannot do and and so okay okay then I'll set up meeting for the afternoon of Wednesday then given the time difference and then we can we can go from there but um yeah any questions yeah think on the other side is what you said yeah yeah we need to process everything right now and then make a bigger plan so we're

51:00 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  clarify for everybody so yeah let's do that yeah okay let's let's let's do that and then we can have let's follow up on Wednesday so at least we're aligned before we go into holiday on the next steps okay perfect okay thanks so much okay thanks okay bye bye you