---
title: Impromptu Google Meet Meeting
date: '2024-12-11T14:11:04.000000Z'
duration: 15m
participants:
- João
source: https://fathom.video/calls/196826852
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:34:06.508931+00:00'
---

Impromptu Google Meet Meeting - December 11
VIEW RECORDING - 31 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/T2vxUkDEDxydD7znguodXJ_hag_xgvXE

---

0:02 - A L
  Hello. Hi.

0:04 - Mau Medeiros
  Sorry, Ma.

0:05 - A L
  saw your message on WhatsApp. didn't see it before. No worries.

0:09 - Mau Medeiros
  No worries.

0:10 - A L
  She's okay. Okay.

0:12 - Mau Medeiros
  That sucks.

0:13 - A L
  Yeah. Yeah. I just wanted to follow up because I've just been having a think at our product and also talking with our customers.  And I'm a little bit worried. More worried just because like we are in a good sense in that we have 10 pilot customers that want to start working with us.  I'm a little concerned because all of these are kind of brand name customers in Norway. They're like, they're like kind of well known.  Like, you know, we have like one of the, you know, fast growing unicorns at the Sears D company there.  And I worry a little bit starting with like, you know, a 600% like the unicorn, like when we don't have like all of the process, even the onboarding is not even set up right.  there's like, there's some parts I'm a little bit starting to get like, missing some core parts of our product.  I'm wondering, and at the same time, so I've been thinking like I'm gonna try to call a CFO that I know of a really small company with 15 people.  And I wanna try to convince him to let us test on him for free, you know, as part of the process, just so that we kind of get out all the bugs in that process in there.  But as part of the process, Mustafa, the CTO that is joining, and also I just wanted to kind of, I should let you know too that N is leaving the company.  So he'll be leaving at the end of this month. Mustafa, I don't know if you've met Mustafa, he's the CTO that's supposed to join.  So Mustafa, not yet, okay. So Mustafa should be joining, he was actually supposed to join in September, but he ended up having skin cancer.  So he's just had his, yeah. So he just had it removed two weeks ago. So now he's on the doctor's checks and we're hoping that if the next few tests show that they got rid of all the cancer, it's very localized.  ahead and spread so that was good. Then hopefully he'll start in January but he would be the main tech lead along with Ivan for the technology side.  But Mustafa and I and another colleague got certified for ISO 14001, you know, the east side of what we're building and I realized there's some I put it in, I don't, I could show it, let me put it in, I could share my screen maybe.  I put it into our, into our Slack but I want to make sure, because I feel like we might need to redesign something to make sure it matches.  Do you see my screen? No, yes, yeah.

2:46 - Mau Medeiros
  What is my Slack?

2:48 - A L
  No, we see your screen now. Okay, so do you see that little map that's there? Yes, there's a map here, right?  So this plan do check In this, you see my screen, a prototype? No, we only see this, like, okay, now we see the prototype.

4:10 - Mau Medeiros
  Okay, let me see it.

4:12 - A L
  I'm trying to, okay. I want to show both next to each other. So we have the prototype, right? And in the prototype, there's a compliance map, which is plan, do, check, and act, right?  So we have this, and then we have this one, which is the ISO one, which is plan, do, check, and act.  And it's almost, it's very similar, but we just called it different names. But it's like, there's a risk assessment part, which is kind of 4.1, 4.2, and then there's like a leadership part.  Like, this part needs to kind of map with this, but it doesn't need to be 100%. For example, we have risk assessment which is very similar to 4.1 and 4.2 and 4.3.  So you can almost put it in here but then we're missing this whole part about like the environmental policy can be mapped here and then you have reports.  So I'm just trying to figure out like how do we get or what do you need to be able to kind of map like check performance evaluation.  We have check here audit. We have the documentation and then the management review is here. But we have to be able to have a spot for all of these boxes somewhere in our compliance map.  Does that make sense? I think so.

5:48 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I think I understand what you're saying. Maurice, I don't know if you want to add something.

6:00 - Mau Medeiros
  trying to get into this.

6:02 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So I understand your point, mapping the legal requirements to the way the experience is organized right now. If it were like a one-to-one mapping would be perfect, one-to-one might be difficult, but how far can we get, right?

6:28 - A L
  Yeah, because for environmental policy 5.2, because when auditors come in and check our tool, they'll be like, okay, it's 5.2 correct, right?  5.2 would be listed here. So we could also just do policy procedure 5.2, right? 5.2, so it's like a clear mapping of where the auditor would come in, right?  then actions for the context of 4 and 6, all of this is within risk assessment. So it's also a mapping of 6.2.  when you go into risk assessment, it can maybe... have some kind of mapping, I'm not sure, but I was just realizing that when we created this, it was kind of high level, like these are the things that you need to cover.  But then when I was actually mapping it to be able to pass the ISO, realized they're really asking for a lot of documentation or being able to map some of these points in there.  that's, and then like, so if we have controls, could be due, like in the due area as I control, but then maybe we need to add a new box, a new box called support and operations, right?  And then that's where we dump in all of this documentation into this one box, you know, and then like internal audit, you know, we kind of have it split up a little bit.  So my thinking on this is like this.

7:42 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So this is how I'm thinking about this.

7:44 - A L
  Yeah.

7:46 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  This structure for this ISO might not be the same for other different upcoming regulations, right? So, and also, I use...  that the certifiers will check, not the compliance map, they will check some sort of a report that is put together with the information that people collect on Fortify elsewhere, right?  Yeah, that's a good point.

8:15 - A L
  So maybe we could all put this into the audit section where we like it, it selects it from the audit.

8:22 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I think my point is related to that, but just to be sure, I'll be a bit peek about this.  So my thinking on this is, there's the way you organize things for Fortify, which is like the Fortify method or the Fortify framework or something like that.  And depending on different regulations, the information that you collect will be reorganized and represented in different ways, right? Let's say that tomorrow, there's a new regulation coming out of, I don't Dubai, whatever.  And it's really important and they have a completely different way of organizing it, right? Yeah. What I think would be useful is in the back end, and not in the interface, there's like a translation mechanism that says, oh, the requirement 5.2 on ISO 14.100, it's really similar to the requirements before in the Dubai New Regulation.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, I see, yeah. So the effort, most of the effort in mapping, we still need to map, I agree.  we don't need to replicate the ISO into the interface, you need to have an internal map of the schematic and use that to generate different reports, right?

9:45 - A L
  Yeah, I think that could be, because that's also one of the things I wanted to talk to you about, because I realized we're missing kind of the, like, so if you think about I'm trying to think, like, these clauses, clause 4, 5, 6, 7, 8,  9, 10, they're very ISO standard. So whichever ISO you use, like 14,001, you need to go through those clauses.  But I like that idea of like, so one of the things I've been thinking of is that we're missing the whole sign-in onboarding, you know, like somebody comes in, how do they select which ISO you want to do, right?  Because like it's almost like, like, I think we have to, like we've been trying to do ES and G all in one, but what we're seeing from our pilots is like some only want to do 14,001, some want to do 37,001 methodology.  Some of them actually only want the workflow, so they want the compliance map and then they want to edit everything themselves.  like, how do we even, I would love you guys' help and like, how do you even enter the, you log in, like, how do we upload people?  Like, how do we, how do they select which ones that they're going to pick in those interfaces? Or maybe they don't, it's like through our onboarding process.  And we tell them and then we set the system to automatically only show the stuff for ISO 14,001 or only show the,  for, you know, 37,001 or if they want both, then, you know, they have both and then maps on the back end.  But I think that's something that we're kind of missing is that whole, you know, if we wanted to start working with, you know, Cognite the Unicorn Company with 600 people, how do we even like, like in January, it's like, how do we even more like, yeah, how do we even do that, like get the employee list and that, and I think we're missing that whole like visual on that there.  I agree.

11:32 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And I think that's also a very good opportunity for us to signal the clients that the solution is flexible, but it doesn't place the burden of finding out what they need on them, right?  So you were saying this, and I was searching on something. This is the way Maurizio and Romeo have our calls.  start opening tabs and sharing screens because I think it helps. So I'll just share my screen with you. And so what makes us think is like when you join a new app or a new thing, it asks you what you expect from it, right?  Yeah. On consumer apps, this is more like a self-guided thing. Yeah. On B2B apps, maybe you don't need to make it as self-guided.  the idea that, oh, you are a small company and you're probably more interested in the E part of whatever we're doing, we suggest that you start here.  This is really valuable for first-time users that are not... There's an aspect of this. So there's layers. The first layer is no customization.  Everybody gets the same Swiss Army knife. That's the base layer. Another layer would be... There's the Swiss Army knife.  can find everything. There's ways into everything. But we suggest you start with this stuff. And... the third layer of like integration with their way of working is not only you tell them which areas they should be focusing on, but maybe you even help them realize if they are ready to move into secondary goals, right?  Oh, we've noticed that you've achieved everything you wanted to achieve on the E part, and we think we are probably ready for the S part, you know, this is more integrated, also more difficult, but I suppose more available, especially for first-time users.  I think there's tension here between large users that have their own methods and want to adapt the tool to their own ways, and first-time or like smaller companies that are, you know, they need help, not just from the software, but also from the expertise on implementing these things.  But, so circling back, I see your point on how we match ISO regulation and our own way of doing things.  My suggestion is that we separate them and create like an intermediary service that outputs our information into the ISO format.  Yeah, I like that idea.

14:18 - A L
  I think that actually makes more sense than trying to shove it into that as long as we kind of map it so that the auditor can find the links to where it comes from and does it that way.  And almost you could have like an ISO. So I like the idea of like what you said, the headspace, also saying like ISO 14,001, this is the one that's unlocked, but you could also unlock, you know, ISO 37,001 if you pay for it.  You could also unlock CSRD if you pay for it, know, like so then they see what is the options in there and then they can select and pay for it and then it kind of maps within that process.  So it doesn't. And then we just need to see what happens if they select all of them then what is the expectation there like are they all  extend if you think about like the employee portal and like the policies and procedures and that but yeah I think that that makes sense uh there maybe we don't need to change so much because I think I need to spend some time mapping it too I'm just more like and then we might still need to add some boxes to the compliance map in terms of work that they need to do but I like their idea of not making it too much like an ISO one because you lose the usability of it also I think so you know something that I'm sorry Maurizio maybe just just go ahead yeah in my mind the way I would approach this would be mirror session and just you know break down all the requirements from different regulations that we can see now there's obviously regulations on the horizon but break them down and close

16:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  and see, okay, there's patterns here. All of them will ask about third-party management. All of them will ask about, I don't know, carbon footprint.  And from those, we build like a skeleton that we know that we need. So for me, this is more about post-heats and spreadsheets than Figma files, at least for this moment.  Otherwise, we can lock ourselves into a design that doesn't work. Yeah, I think that's good too.

16:28 - A L
  It's more like, when do you guys have availability for this? How does this affect the kind of the planning on what you guys are?  Because I do think that, for me, I'm starting to be like, okay, we're actually going to implement it. Because I've been kind of, I'm selling a story.  like, yeah, we're ready to implement it at end of January, right? And I'm like, okay, are we really ready to implement at the end of January?  And if they have part of the product done, we don't have any kind of onboarding. don't have, I still feel like some of the controls part of it, it's like we go straight into the controls.  missing a little bit of that, that feeling of an app, know, we're kind of like, kind of right now how it is like, here's it all, right?  But we're missing a little bit of a flow in terms of the onboarding, how to quite like that, that aspect of it, that we wouldn't need to be able to have it ready to do because the the so the guys are really pushing the engineering team is really pushing for risk assessment, third party management, controls, and policy procedures and trainings done by the end of this month.  then next month in January, it's going to be a lot of cleanup, I'm thinking onboarding like there's still a lot of bugs that are going to be there because they're like kind of rough doing it very quickly.  So there's a few like things that need to be set up in January in terms of like, what is it going to look like?  So trying to think like, yeah, in terms of what your availability is and what do you think needs to be done based on hearing this from me.  And especially like we right now what we're doing is with that with that large growth company is I'm trying to map out that ISO clause that picture I showed you.  We're trying to manually do all of the documentation on the side so that we can see, is this ready?  And then once it's ready, we would implement it in our pool to deploy it. But we're trying to do as much as we can offline right now just to make sure that the process works before we deploy it.  yeah, so that's my point. just trying to figure out how best, given that there's a few different things and we're learning more as we're doing it.

18:30 - Mau Medeiros
  First of all, we are living kind of an adventure now, with N and stuff. So based on that, want to be able to help you whenever you need to.  So this is a very crucial moment for 425. So count with us, first of all. And I have a little refresher.  don't if exactly the solution now but I understand when you say that you are going to large companies and you know testing with them may compromise what you're trying to do if there's some bugs or if the app is not complete on everything so I was thinking about how are you how are you thinking to approach the companies if the onboarding session is not necessarily on the app or developed are you able to give the company a normal potential kind of onboarding you are going there you're gonna teach people we're gonna show everything so because in a way I see a mix of things you know because we are not going to have maybe enough time to develop everything so I think it would be a mix of you know consulting you know what  And also presenting that. I don't know how do you see that?

20:04 - A L
  Yeah, I kind of see and that's kind of what we're doing right now is like we're doing a big consulting side in terms of getting all the documentation ready so that you can just deploy it on the app.  I feel like policies, procedures and trainings along with the controls aspect of it, that should be done as well as it can and the employee portal, right?  Like that, those flows, because if you can deploy the policy, deploy the training, employee can get it and then they can do the approval process.  If we can get those three the best out of, you know, all of the other parts, like then everything else can be done quite manually.  You know, we can do the risk assessment offline and just attach it online and attach it. But those three, I would say like if we can get those flows working really well, like when we send it out to an employee base, because part of it, part of this I see is like kind of almost like a viral thing, right?  once we like with integrity hub, right? Once we go out to the board. members is it like you know all the people who have to go into our tool it's like you want them to have a good experience on those right some of the other ones you can do kind of offline in between then so I think it's like for me it's like yeah like the employee portal or like the integrity hub or the controls aspect how to make sure that that flow works and then have onboard employees too suddenly we have 600 employees 600 employees how do we upload them into our system out of how do they feel when they go in like suddenly it's like they come in and into this portal it's like welcome you know or like do they just get an email I'm not sure like so I'm just more thinking like that's been kind of worrying me because I feel like we're like so quick on building it and it's like right it's here but then it's like we're missing that yeah aspect of it it was more something that I want to reach out so you guys I know we're not going to solve it in this month but it's like you know we have probably like almost two months like you know like we're one month and 20 days right I guess one and a half months right like before like

22:00 - Mau Medeiros
  end of January so what can be done like in the period um yeah you guys are like working like that we can have a another session on Miro or do something you know that you need so that's the only thing um trying to figure out yeah I think we should and you have to put this all of this in paper or Miro board you know everything these three parts are well done and the flow is working but we don't have an onboarding it could be a kind of a lecture or something like that or it could just just be a one page or everything of this process can be manually I think we need to see that on you know on a screen it helps us a lot you know I know everything's in your head because you're specialist but sometimes for us it's better to put that way so that's the design thing of it so I'm free like whenever you know you want I don't know when you guys are taking

23:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  holidays and for how long I'm going I'm going to be in the US after Christmas for several weeks but I think that's just a better time difference possibly right what's the time difference between Brazil at California and you guys so I can I can also meet you so one of the things that was just five hours we are five hours ahead ahead okay so that I can get up early or something yeah okay um sorry shout what do you think no I think this is I think it's really good we're having this conversation because this kind of issue or theme that happens between worlds this is not exactly a process team but this is not exactly a interface team it exists between both of them and we need a common language to say like this happens manually this happens on the platform you know  We need like a backbone for this and there are tools for this like service footprint that they help you with And we can do that and another thing that I think it's Has helped me the past when this sort of thing is Onboarding I mean on a larger company would probably the the responsibility of an entire team so When we compare like our own boarding desires to very established, you know Experiences from companies that have been around for a while It I think it could be easy to try to over design just the teams of eight people just working on on boarding But if you think about like I really like the idea of like the bronze level the silver level and the gold level So we we hit the bronze level and then we reuse that work for the next iteration the next iteration And eventually we get but if we try to do it really as nice as it is We won't get out of the same  I agree.

25:01 - A L
  I think I think we have to kind of go like I go back to the Toyota version like you know what like what is the other version that we can do and my I guess my only concern is like I don't even think we have a car really like we have nothing on it so like if we can get to kind of the baseline level for like an onboarding of a company I agree with you.  I don't think they're expecting so much there but I do have a little bit of a worry that where the development team is going so fast so the flows aren't actually and I think once I think maybe once they say I like December 20th they'll have a lot of the flows and I think at that point we can give you guys all so you can kind you can actually play it in yourself and say is the flow really because I have a feeling it's not totally working and this is why I want to test it with a really small company so that we actually try to flow with it.  I feel like we've gone so fast that we might be missing a few things there like in terms of following up or the dashboards and how you know how you do that so I think it's so so yeah so I think that then I think we're  kind of aligned, I guess I could, I don't know what the next steps are then like, like I have like time next week to meet or this week, we could also do it after Christmas.  It's more, yeah, what your thoughts are. Yeah, because I think right now, like, is it because you guys did the portal.  We'll get that one Romeo is back online, but then the next one is that controls the next one. can't remember, Malia sent me a email, but I need to find it.

26:30 - Mau Medeiros
  Yeah, we are going to show you today, integrity, integrity portal and also controls. That's the plan. So me and Joanne we were just discussing this morning about how to make a plan and we're going to we were supposed to meet this afternoon to show you a proposal because we have only nine days to the 20 so we need to  figure out what's very important and priority and how and what can be done in this next 10 days and then from that you know we are gonna have we are gonna have a break during Christmas and a couple of days after Christmas so we have to figure out what's possible so we are still discussing here but you are bringing some other needs right now so we have to figure out everything yeah and that sounds good I think I think Mauricio you said control but it's policies we'll be sorry sorry sorry policies yeah let's see it's next okay so I think for the we'll meet now but just to you know quiet a little bit of the anxiety that you might be thinking and feeling about this onboarding thing I believe we can design an onboarding experience that doesn't require as much coding as you might be thinking

28:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  If we have just like on the bronze level, like script, like when people come in, what questions do we ask them?  know, these will already be helpful and not require a lot of development time. So that's how we think about this.  Yeah. I think that makes sense.

28:15 - A L
  I think it may be policies, procedures, trainings, you know, look at and the flow and kind of clean like that up.  then I guess controls would be next on that. And then maybe the onboarding can just be manually done in January, but this is something that we think about in that process on how to do that.

28:33 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yes, especially at this stage, I think it's really useful to do it manually because we make sure that we, when we automate it, when we automate it, we automate the right things, right?  So it's good to do it manually a few times like we concierge MVP and then codify it. But yeah, this is, I believe this is within the realm of possibility for you to have like a script and like a structure.  what questions are important and stuff like that. Yeah, exactly.

29:04 - A L
  Yeah, no, I think that's good. right now we're, we can set up a time maybe in the, I don't know what, yeah, because you guys are probably busy on trying to get the other parts done, but like just let me know.  Cause I think I would also like to kind of go through, now that we're going through the ISO 14001 and we're getting all of the documentation ready, it could be also good to kind of explain that, you know, what is the process offline too, so that we get a good process for every customer while we're building.  Okay, I will, I think that's it. Is there anything else I don't wanna keep you guys with us?

29:37 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  No, I think it's clear we need to come up, come back to you with some timeframe, but before we get there, we just wanted to do like that.  Okay.

29:50 - A L
  When should we have a follow-up meeting that is in next week? Or like next week we have like the meeting next week, let's see, yeah, we have the next.  uh and we draw no Zanetta is next week um but uh uh but yeah do you do we need to have a follow-up uh meeting like maybe after Zanetta or like on to discuss the plan the 17th we should at least have a meeting before we go on holidays because I feel like next week will be the last week before the holidays to meet so one's a good time for next week I would say that uh let us to discuss a little bit more about you know the next couple of weeks and then we we come back to you with a proper timeline for the next 10 days so yeah okay that's great and the next like I think the 18th 19th and 20th like with the time difference like I'm okay okay perfect okay thank you so yeah thank you

31:00 - Mau Medeiros
  That's that.

31:02 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  That's that.

31:03 - Mau Medeiros
  Wee!