---
title: 27 minute chat - Kurt Bostelaar
date: '2024-12-13T16:30:00.000000Z'
duration: 27m
participants:
- João
- Kurt Bostelaar
source: https://fathom.video/calls/197425964
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:32:50.834409+00:00'
---

27 minute chat - Kurt Bostelaar - December 13
VIEW RECORDING - 42 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/4Fim5zR9YPFFzwSZP-jMWYKG5Wdzz2DA

---

0:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Oh, can you hear me?

0:01 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  Yes, can you hear me? Yes, again, again.

0:04 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Well, this is great.

0:05 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  I'm so excited to get to connect. I love the power of the internet being able to like make connection.  Where are you located?

0:13 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'm usually in brazil, but I am right now in portugal because I am from portugal.

0:17 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  I came here for for christmas You are in Atlanta Yes, and then it's funny because your profile picture I have a designer that I've worked with in porto And that's where I am.  Yeah. Oh, that's great. His name is wow as well And then like his I think maybe the angle or like the way the so every time I see your profile picture on like linkedinor I always think it's him because you guys like so similar with the name and everything That's funny that you're actually in porto as well Hey, I usually because in brazil, uh, brazil is much more diverse, right?

0:55 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  There's all sorts of people But in portugal, I think we are quite homogeneous and I really joke that we all look kind of alive.  That's cool.

1:05 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  Well, this is great.

1:06 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Go, go.

1:06 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  Yeah, I'm excited.

1:08 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I've been following you, I think since Twitter for two, three years maybe, yeah, it's been a while. Oh, that's fun.

1:16 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  Yeah, I feel like I've been on such a journey of like, now that I'm working with Strategizer, like I've really like certified kind of the work that I'm doing, but it's interesting.  I think I even read, maybe it was your tagline of like designing workshops and like, oh, wait, because I'm always trying to describe to people like, what I do, I think my latest tagline is like, designing outcome focused workshops and online courses because like, I'm really like designing these innovation programs at Strategizer, that's my main thing and trying to make them super simple.  if you know the Strategizer methodology, it's like so focused on simplicity and that's like my real obsession of like how to do that and with these programs, but like, no one knows what those are, but I'm like, oh, workshops, online courses, like that's, but I haven't met a time.  people in that space who are like doing similar work, that's why I was excited to connect with you and I'm like Yeah, just curious like your story and what you do and like how you tackle things and yeah Yeah, it's true.

2:12 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I don't I don't find so many people doing the things we're doing and um For me, it's to be honest.  It's always a mix of oh kinship and oh competition it's like I need to make a conscious effort not to go into that Reptile brain thing but every time I I go against it.  I'm like I just want to talk to people and meet people and share what I know It's always great.  So the reptile brain is slowly getting back into that Oh, that's great. That's great.

2:45 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  But I'd love to hear your story because I like the only other people I feel like I've connected with are like some people, you know, like the aj and smart they like teach about like facilitation, but it's not To me, there's like it's not fully what I do and so I'm just curious  it's like how you got to what you're doing and what exactly you do and yeah I'd love to hear your story.

3:05 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah I agree it's not exactly that so let me try I usually tell my story since the big bank so that's not good so I said it I'm a trained designer I studied design and eventually I studied industrial design which I think was really important because it's quite a process-based approach to design because acting you know mistakes in industrial design is really expensive and I did that instead of an engineering school which was also very good for me because like our projects the reports they were like oh this is the approach these are the criteria this is the objective like that kind of thing and that really you know shaped the way I think about this stuff and so I did that that they studied industrial design and then I was like yeah but there's not a lot  industrial design work in Portugal. Not everywhere, anywhere, but in Portugal less so. I was like, yeah, I don't know, but I really like these schematics, boxes and arrows sort of thing.  And kind of by accident, really by accident, I got into visual facilitation or recording that kind of thing. It was really like an accident.  And eventually, I got a job in Brazil for innovation consulting. So we were running a lot of workshops, like inside thinking that kind of thing.  That was what brought me, took me to Brazil. And I mean, looking back is like that Steve Jobs quote, right?  You see the dots?

4:40 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  Yeah, you don't see it.

4:43 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And so I did that for a while, then I met my wife. I changed cities. lost my visa because it was attached to the company.  I quit my job and I started doing some other thing with some other guys. Like another consulting thing. And eventually I felt it's always that this intersection of creativity and rigor, you know, and eventually I went back into visual facilitation.  It was a lot of fun. And Brazil, I think it's similar to the States in these aspects, like people really like events and conferences and stuff like that.  It's not the same in Portugal. Also, Brazil is a bigger country. But there's a market for that. And I did that for a while.  And I really liked it. But my favorite part of it was the coffee break because I'll try to get into conversation with the keynote speakers.  You can't do this if you aren't curious, right? So I was curious about the things they were talking about before they were talking about it because if you're on Twitter, on that corner of Twitter, yeah.  So I was like, yeah, I want to do this independent consultant thing. was really in there. I was fanboying so hard over Venkatesh Khau and that kind of crowd.  like, oh my god, they are so smart.

6:00 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  they can just charge for thinking.

6:02 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  This is amazing. And eventually I've always been struggling with this, describing what I do, I think that you said before, right?  It's not a neat drawer, I think most people, most people don't really see it. And eventually somebody told me, maybe you're a product manager, you don't know it is that kind of thing.  So I got into that, I did that. I was very lucky because I got into that just as COVID was hitting.  So I had like a job like full-time benefits and not related to events, which was great. wow. lot of what I did was amazing timing.  I got that job like on a Monday and the lockdowns began on that Monday. I never went to the office.  That was insane timing, but I cannot take the credit for it. I did that for a while. and I kept finding myself in the same sort of situations like since making the messy things you know eventually well I did go all the way back to the big bang didn't I we're getting there eventually I got I was laid off and I got another job but that thing really messed messed with me like oh I can't can't trust these guys it really broke my trust in corporate world and I was like I'm going back to the indie thing and then I needed to look at the things I know how to do that are legible to the market I really like the word legible it's very powerful and I was like yeah I know workshops and I'm really interested about this you know expertise in the consulting thing and eventually I was like okay maybe that's it maybe that's workshop for experts and also this is super important my wife she has her own consulting company and I was doing that with her and then I realized oh this is what I do  This was just super important. It's not a detail, right? I was like, oh, we're putting together workshops for you, creating your own canvases and stuff like that.  So yeah, that's how I came into it. And I'm sure you feel the same. Like the more specific it is, and you start to accumulate such a special kind of expertise, like that thing, there's like a few people that know how to do it.  And that's really exciting. I'm really happy at that. I mean, there's still a lot to grow in terms of like revenue and the whole thing.  But I feel that what I do is really what I am. But how about you? mean, I gave you this huge model.

8:45 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  I'm so glad you did. It's so interesting. Because for me, I studied mechanical engineering. But I was interested in the design.  And we had like this senior thesis project that we had to do with like a year and a half.  And we designed this like water pump, like this novel water pump. for like third world, for like people who didn't have clean water and we like we thought about like the feasibility but we didn't think about viability or desirability at all and that like design thinking like it kind of haunted me because I was like the team lead on this project I had secured funding for it I had like put so much energy into it and then I graduate and I was trying to like press into that space more and there wasn't many jobs in like the non-profit engineering sector so I got a job like and again mechanical engineering there's like tons of like defense contracts like so I got a job like in the oil and gas industry it was like this huge corporation and like it was interesting but I was like I don't think this is for me like I just can't like there was so pigeonholed everyone's role and I'm like I want to see the holistic view the end to end so I completely jumped out of that and I ended up starting a branch of a national non-profit here in the States doing like leadership development consulting nice  for like college students so like I would like fundraise my whole salary and then I would go meet with college students and just offer them for free essentially like leadership development and it was just an experience that was so helpful for me because I I got to try everything my own way and How do you do experiential training?  do you lead workshops? How do you lead webinars? How do you lead all these different things and I was I was terrible like I was so bad at it But then got married moved to a different city and I was living in Miami at that time my wife with my wife and Like the cost of living I couldn't get the same donors that I had for the my kind of startup Non-profit thing so then I like switched back into engineering and I got a job on a new product development team and Somewhere in there I did like a US internship because I was trying to figure out what am I doing and that's where Kind of echoing some of the stuff you were seeing with industrial design like there was so much of the design process We were designing for the hospitality and like  or client restaurants and hotels. And we had so many products coming through, but the design process is what interested me.  How are we going to design this? Again, that design thinking, what do we be understanding our user needs and building it based on that and the holistic end to end view.  So then I just started kind of creating my own content, and that's where I found Jack Butcher. I don't know if you know Jack Butcher on.  He started making these videos. And for me, I had always been obsessed with, like, how do you package knowledge in a way that people can easily consume it?  And then you don't even have to worry about them learning it. It's like guaranteed that they learn it, that they then can apply it and then produce like a really great outcome.  That's what I was most interested in. So I just kept trying to like find the skill set. And I'm like, oh, his visuals.  So I committed for like a year and a half every day I posted a visual. my first ones I thought were terrible.  Now I feel like I'm like miles away from where I started. But it's like distilling all this information into a simple visual.  So that's where I I'll post on LinkedIn so often, but then it was also like, so there was visuals, but then I studied storytelling.  My stories are so powerful for packaging knowledge. But then I also, I got connected to Strategizer because I don't know if you know any of their books or any of their authors, but one of their authors, his name is Yves Tenure.  And he was a professor. He has this design science research paper on the visual design theory of visual inquiry tools.

12:27 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, I have open right here because he told me about it on the comments.

12:31 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  I just, I got obsessed with that because I'm like, for my leadership development work, I was like, not only could I like simplify the training down, but I could design tools.  And there's a buck andster fuller quote, like, if you want to change the way people think, don't bother trying to teach them instead give them a tool, the use of which will lead to new ways of thinking.  And I'm like, what if I could design those tools? Now, Strategizer had the business model canvas, which led to the lean startup movement.  They had the value proposition canvas, all these tools. So, I ended up posting on Twitter about some of their stuff, Alex Osterwater, the CEO, who came up with business model Canvas, we jumped on a Zoom call, so then I just started doing little gigs with them, working with Tendai Vicky, and then eventually I just came full-time with them, and I just, I'm still not like an employee of them because I'm in the States and they're a Swiss-based company, but they have so much client work for me to do.  It's like crazy because they're obsessed with simplicity, and that's what, for me. So, since then I've been like trying to like take all of my like learnings and like write different books, like product highs, expertise, or like just still down some of these processes.  Like I have this one, I really am excited about like storytelling, small stories, huge impact, like a storytelling framework, and that's what I love, like creating the concepts, creating the frameworks, but not just for its own sake, so that people can understand and then apply it.  That's right now with Strategizer, we're building software. that guides people through that process. So it's like designing programs, like it's a unique form of software.  So I've now kind of gotten myself embedded because I'm like, I don't believe in online courses anymore. I don't believe it like, I think the best thing is a program that, I mean, we'll see, we have to test it.  But I'm trying to do as a platform, it's a unique experience that provides a little bit of more of the experiential learning like applying what you're learning versus just learn, learn, learn like in an online course.  So that's my brain don't, again, I think we both shared a lot. I'd love to, what sticks out to you?  What are themes that you're seeing? I just love the kicks out of the conversation because this is so fun.  True.

14:42 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So it really went down the permissionless apprentice. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Very nice, very nice. It's difficult for me, the consistent thing.  And I'm really blown away by people that do that. For like an extended amount of time like you that.  what's his name, Sorin, whatever, the designer, it makes like funny UI design every day. It's like a bald guy with glasses, also strong on Twitter, on that corner of Twitter.  but I mean, that's really, I mean, I'll stop saying, mean, it's just, it's really impressive to me. And it's funny because to me, the, I started to write like a bit of a, I've tried to reverse engineer the business model canvas because it was like, what fascinates me the most about these things is, I think method as a product kind of thing.  And then you have, you have like all these assets and layers to it, right? Cause you have a mental model and then you have a framework and then you have a canvas and then you have a experiential learning around that, you know, there's a whole, I think we nerd out on the same things.  And I was trying to reverse engineer that. like I got I got like the the theses and I didn't have this component that they sent me which is super important and also like the metagame like the whole 480 co-authors and uh you know it's so clever and in fact I mean I've never spoken to Alex but it's just from what I can see from the outside it's just a level of cleverness it's very difficult to imitate either you have it or you don't and then you can imitate whatever it came up with right um but anyway I mean this idea of you know methods as a product you know workshops visual thinking is that intersection tools you know yeah I mean what am I doing like also sharing something that things that are on my mind these days for instance okay funny I also have I'm not in my usual home because I'm not in Brazil but I also have  like a box for index cards that I just throw in as like an inbox. then I go back and it's not as fancy as yours.  But so right now what I'm really interested about is I've noticed that the sorts of people that want to chat, they oftentimes they have this really clever and really they really struggle with following through on stuff or shiny object syndrome, brilliant minds but scattered.  And I was like, oh, if I managed to make stuff that works for them, because it's a little bit of a handicap in a way.  Even if your IQ is really high in terms of like, falling through and so on is kind of plays against sounds like right now for the best two weeks or so I've been kind of immersed into that like, how do I  understand how these people think and work and adapt my way of my workshops and so on to this way of doing things.  I think what we do is so specific that it takes a certain kind of person to see the value of it.

18:16 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  And that's where it's been interesting I feel like at different points I've had to just like focus on like how do I sell it?  Yeah like work I think I could just nerd out on like the actual content of it but it's like how do you get to buy in like behavior psychology and like motivation and buy in and the value prop and like some of those pieces are interesting where like if you don't bake like somebody like courses that people buy someone watches two lessons and they never finish it and it's like if I only cared about making it it's like okay whatever but if I want them to actually be transformed by it how do you get them to go through it and like oh in person workshop changes the dynamic or the buy in or even free versus putting a cost

19:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  on like a very high cost like some of these different methods I'm those are definitely things that I feel like I'm like wanting to continue to wrestle with and where I feel like right now it's like I can explain things to people but to your point it's like it doesn't matter if you don't have the buy in it if they're like distracted or they can't focus on it or they're not sold on it then you're not going to get the outcome that you need from it and you have to take that into the the whole thing yeah yeah and and everything you know contributes to it right like I mean the price defines so many things including like their level of commitment and you know what they expect you know stuff like that so I don't think you have any I'm trying to remember for my solid work stays with I'm sure you have a lot more flight hours but like unconstrained there's no unconstrained stuff that everything is constrained in one way or another so yeah it's it's really  Interesting. I love doing it. I think that aspect of knowing when to stop, like, oh, I'm just nerding out big time.  love it. But like my damn is shrinking like crazy. It's a challenge.

20:25 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  yeah, it's cool that have that product management experience where it's like, you're going to have a bit of an intuitive sense where like, we got to build it and then we need to ship it and then update it and then I get feedback.  And then I think I've gotten a little bit of a taste of that entering the software world at Stratizor where we're building this web application and getting exposed to the product management piece.  But I'm curious since we're on the call, what are maybe the things that and it could be resources, courses, influences for you?  Like, I think for me, like, there's a case you nice that was like a massive influence the YouTuber or  or Jack Butcher was like a massive influence. One that I am super obsessed with is Christopher Alexander. Oh yeah, a pattern language pattern like this stuff is crazy good.  Ryan Singer has built on it with his stuff around shaping. If you followed some of the like software development shape up.  Yeah.

21:21 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Actually, I know of Christopher Alexander, but I've never read him and I keep hearing about him. I think I would love it.

21:26 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  And I mean, if you tell me notes of the synthesis of form is probably the easiest book. Read the first half of it.  Don't read the second half. It's one of his first books that he put out there, but I can send you.  There's videos that Ryan Singer did to simplify Christopher Alexander like introductory because you kind of have to read like 10 Christopher Alexander books to understand his like it's so it's like a lifetime of work that he's put into this, but there's some really to me.  it's if I had to like pick any thought leader it would be him who I would like try to learn from the most and like benefit from in this kind of space so I'll send you the I'm making notes I don't forget I'll take it but I'm curious for you like has there been other people or other like you we kind of discussed like it's a bit of a unique spot like oh I mentioned like AJ and it's like that's not fully there's probably some useful stuff I pulled from them but then there's Christopher I was there like who stood out to you I'm just curious okay so the very fact that every name is similar to both of us I mean just it means something but I'm trying to think of different names than the ones I said so Christopher it's just someone I've heard about I but it's not really an inspiration yet wow

23:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And kind of drawing blanks on this, I think, yeah.

23:07 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  Well, then maybe the question could be. Then Rome, think.

23:10 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Then Rome, the back of the left and stuff thing. I really like his index or codecs, visual language codecs.  think that's the name. I think Dave Gray as well. But Dave, I think it looks harder on the analogy, metaphor, that kind of thing.  I think he is more of an artistic guy. Which is useful to enter some of my tendencies of just thinking in boxes and arrows.  Yeah, I think those are the ones that are coming to mind right now. You know, I've been doing a lot of...  Okay, so there's another thing. It's not really a person, but there's a vibe that I really like. Which is Tom Sacks, you know, the artist.

24:00 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  I've heard the name but I'm not familiar at all.

24:02 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It's the guy where Casey Neistat and his brother-in-turns. So it's the daddy of that kind of, you know, style.  Nice. And I really like his stuff. And I also like a souvenir store at the Science Museum vibes, you know.

24:25 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  I'm not familiar. What is that?

24:27 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So, you know, when you have one of those Science Museum interactive Science Museums with space stuff, you know, the store, the souvenir store.  I always like cool books and weird widgets and stuff like that. love that because it's mix of, you know, it's fun, but it's science and it's creative, but it's rigorous.  It's, you know, I really like that and I've been interested, I mean, not obsessed, but I've been interested in learning a little bit.  or about game design, because it stays at that interactive section of its systems, but it's also fun. it's also motivating people and nudging towards certain behaviors.  I find that really interesting. And I think this is why I like the boxes so much. I mean, it's physical products from the thought.  So, you know, like the way you organize your index notes, and it could be like a tray with a magnet, and you have like an inbox and all.  It's like thinking made real or something like that. Yeah, yeah. I think that idea is really interesting, and sometimes I make like.  Weird things at home, but not nothing to sophisticated, but I can make I made my own desk Because I was thinking about a certain way of doing things, you know, that's kind of think I'm really I like the physical physicality of Thought processes.  I think that's it and I think that's my Moby Dick.

26:17 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  I'll be using that for forever It's so interesting because I feel like it's so power like you take a canvas or a tool and And like you can even print it out or you can like engage with it Because I I feel like I've done gone down the rabbit trail sometimes of like looking into like there's this whole fat around like games clear and like atomic habits and yeah Charles do Higg with habits and it's like I'm not like keenly focused on just like habits for their own sake but just understanding again some of the behavior of psychology of like Again the difference between leading a remote workshop versus in person of like there's just different things or like I can hold  Like I have to set up like a digital and analog workspace like I have to have Index cards to be able to like sketch ideas, but I also need like digital like I'm in figma And I'm just sketching but they do different things for me And I think I love that idea as well like how with a canvas What's the what's the way in which I can help someone get this thinking to accelerate what they need to get them to a positive And it it could be digital it could be in person, but I think It's under leverage that physical aspect and I'm sure you can lean into it with the investor design piece, but I think People underestimate the value sometimes like my favorite product is my Kindle Paperwhite And it's like I have an iPhone that can do like a million things and open the Kindle app Well, like it's the perfect device for me a Kindle Paperwhite because of its Focused and like it serves its purpose perfectly, but that's where I think of like  a canvas or a business model, like it perfectly embodies the purpose it needs to do. So, but it is elusive in some ways, like how do you do that for anything?  Like you're designing a workshop or a next, what is the artifact that best moves someone from point A to point B?  And oftentimes it could be physical, how do you design that, that experience, that product that, yeah.

28:22 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, and I mean, imagine that you have this business model canvas that is, you know, printed out, and you have another one that is on a big piece of plywood, and you have another one that's, I mean, people would come to different conclusions based on those things, right?  It's the same elements, just to give them a different physicality, and people use them in different ways. Like a really tiny one and a really big one, just, this is surface level stuff, but it would change everything around it.  So, I think, I don't know if you have this, I'm really fascinated. the idea of kids like toolboxes or like encases, know there's I love that vibe that you just open it and whatever there's a task there's it's not a task there's a skill inside of that box by opening that box you're ready to go right there's a capability inside of that box I really like that idea when we think about physicality of thought and yeah I mean that it's a little bit of a point of tension perhaps because most of my work is like online I've done the physical workshops and so on but because of this like moving between Brazil and Portugal and yeah sometimes it's just so comfortable to work from home you know this whole thing I I don't have much time or much opportunity to say  to do these physical workshop things. So one of the things that I'm trying to think about, you know the periodic table, And I was checking out like, how did it come to be, right?  And apparently, I think it's Mandelaev or something. He had index cards with him. And he kept, you know, always playing with him on trains and stuff until the structure kind of emerged to him.  And I've been doing the same sort of thing, but for fun things in the physical space, instance, springs, springs are fun.  Balls, balls are fun.

30:38 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  Magnets, magnets are fun.

30:39 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  But I'm trying to figure out, I'm trying to create my own periodic ball of fun matter, let's say.

30:44 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  Yeah, yeah.

30:45 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And this is like the most key project I can think of. It's like, it's index cards and I don't know what it is.  It's about data, it's about thoughts. So yeah.

30:56 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  Have you ever seen one of the, one of our program directors who have some lead? She used to work at the innovation team at Lego and they have like serious play.  It's like they help people innovate their business using like little Lego things and activities. It just reminded me as you were talking of that whole thing.  I haven't done a deep dive into how they do it and how they structure it because I'd be curious how they, yeah.  Yeah, I haven't done that.

31:23 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I thought about it because I don't have like many, I don't have certifications on this stuff. And there's a side of me that's like, I'll just use the money for something else or other books or other, you know, things.  But then I think like in terms of like market legibility, again, the word, I do think that these things carry some weight.  So I'm like, yeah, maybe I should. I don't know how do you feel about that?

31:47 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  I mean, for me, I think I don't know if you've read any of Navalrebenkant, like the Almanac of Navalre.  Well, I'm like completely sold. And I know I kind of first heard about it from Jack Butcher and then I went down the rabbit show.  the source to Naval and I know others have talked about it but that idea of being like differentiated and having a differentiated skill set like when I talk to Alex about conceptual thinking in that design science research paper it's like I was a shoo-in to get any job opening that they had or to like work with them because I was like we just hit it off immediately so for me I'm less worried about trying to have a certification and more worried about can I just I think about it like a spiral like my skill set is a spiral that's getting tighter and tighter over time and how can I how can I tighten that loop and go even further down the rabbit trail of like what I'm uniquely good at understand it more add more skills to it layer in that's why I like even conversations like this is like oh like who inspired like I'm trying I can't there's no course on how to design outcome for this work jobs and I'm like there's pieces you can pull so that's maybe a little bit of the way I think but so if I can  get a certification and it can help me in that. I'm not going to say no to it, but I think that's where I'm posting on LinkedIn.  There's like a history of people who've seen my work and have seen it evolve. And if I went back to some of these people, it would open up opportunities if I needed it too.  So becoming differentiated and sharing my work, I think are the replacements I have for having like a more official resume with certifications.

33:27 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, I think it makes a lot of sense. I mean, that's kind of what I've been trying to do.  this is, yeah, sometimes I wonder about, it's a good point that you make, because I think I only do certification thing as never, to my knowledge, being like deterrent to me getting work.  But sometimes I wonder like, ah, more blue cheap things would, but in that case, in that case, it would be like a request for proposal sort of thing.  And there's me, and there's another guy, and that guy will win it because it's more

34:00 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  Yeah, but it depends where you want to go like if like you're trying to get back into industrial design and like they need to see Certain things I get might like when I was in engineering like I had to have certain Certifications because when like the systems were down it was like costing them a million dollars a minute and they like really cared But like I wish like the innovation consulting like I think I've interacted with Alex so much over the past few years And like he only recently found out that I was like a mechanical engineer Like he's like, oh really you never told me that and it's just like he didn't care about like what I studied It was but it kind of depends where you're what you're trying to do.  Yeah.

34:36 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah It's a good point And what about you? mean you've told me about you know Alexander. I like love that idea about the spiral Are there like things that are more more currently on your radar like now and earlier this morning I was watching a lecture on Christopher Alexander

35:00 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  So I'm kind of in a deep dive for the, I'm going to spend the next probably like five to 10 years on Christopher Alexander because I, it's been so hard.  Like even one of his books, his last book, I couldn't find it. Like the cheapest one I could find was like $2,000 and I'm like, I can't do it.  Like I just got a copy that I spent $150 on. So he's definitely like a source that I'm like going to spend a lot of time on.  But I think I'm like at a moment now where shifting from, like I was trying to consume like read 150 books a year, consume from thought leaders.  I'm now shifting more into like, how do I get ship projects that are my own expertise packaged in. But I mean, I still have like, in terms of storytelling, like, I don't know if you know the history of like narrative nonfiction, but someone like John Franklin, like a two-time Pulitzer Prize winner, where people like in the newspaper world used to just tell the facts like this person died and blah, blah, blah.  And then I think it was like the 1960s late 1960s 1970s in the US people started exploring the medium of like narrative nonfiction where instead of the newspaper saying like xyz happened they tell a story of like John Smith was in his house when the water started rising and I think The ability to package knowledge in stories.  I don't know if I have the other So these I found this book waiting for story In my library just randomly and it's possibly the best book on storytelling and no one ever like you go on twitter and they're like 10 best books on storytelling, right?  but that one and then Storycraft by Jack Hart and then there's another one by Lisa Crohn called story or die So I think I have like Again, like what are the skills that I can become differentiated in so like for visuals.  It's like gack butcher is great. Yannis If you've seen him on LinkedIn or Twitter, I took his course was a part of his community when he first launched it But like how to visualize ideas So I was good Yeah, I mean for me I have my own process there if you know graphic design There's like raster based versus vector based They're like more in the procreate using that app for raster base I'm more in the like I want to use vectors and have like a reusable so he leans into that a little bit His process is worth the money if you want to like know how to visualize ideas I don't usually go back to it because I kind of have my own process I might put out my own course related to kind of my different spin on different pieces But I think I have like some influences like even the strategizer books like the way Alex and the team Iterated on the design of books like if you've ever looked through a strategizer book It's completely different than any business book like every page is a two page spread We don't design books we design spreads, right?  So that quote, it haunts me how good it is. for me, I'm always trying to get better at my design skills for visualizing ideas.  But then the storytelling piece is the other, how do I package? I'm putting together a seven-week training program right now for innovation coaches.  And I'm just using storytelling so much of all of these mini case studies. So those authors, I think, stand out to me.  But it's West, so I think I'm at the point now where I'm struggling to find new authors I haven't heard of.  And it's more like rereading the books that I've read and trying to apply that knowledge again and again until I am so fluent in it, I could quote every line in the book.

38:43 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Let me tell you something. I don't know if you know Liam. I suppose you do because it's between kind of this space.

38:50 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  No. Let me see.

38:54 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So this case study on April is really good. I think it spent like 25 hours on this stuff. nice and At some point he talks about how She designed their book to be readable in an average flight time Within the US.  No, that's that's when CEOs read books, right? And I was like, oh, this is This yeah, that kind of thing you just told about Are you just red you just made my day?

39:25 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  I'm so I love finding little pieces like this. I have to send you I have actually run to lunch with my wife, but I'll have to send you Just some other Things that I've stood out to me.  Please make a note before I What do you use notes? I'm in Evernote right now. I've just been in it for like 15 years I feel like so I like so attached but with AI I might switch Depending on like how I can leverage AI with my notes I have like 7,000 notes in Evernote right now and I'm like be nice to use that But I started designing  Some books in Google Docs. So I'm kind of now in a messy middle at the moment between the two, but I might Yeah, if I can get AI to work for me, I might make the switch to Google Docs.  What about you?

40:11 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, I mean I ask because it's also a bit of a mess. I think I'm using obsidian for like a knowledge base But it's it's also easy to get lost into the playing with Lego kind of thing, right?  I don't do the programming or the data view sort of the thing and Then Google Docs is just so easy, right?  And it's quite powerful these days. You can just link between stuff and just doc doc Dot new it's amazing.  Yeah. Yeah.

40:40 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  Oh, yeah. My stuff is mostly between those Yeah, now that they added the pages like similar to notion where you can like add pages to Google Docs Have so much stuff already in Google.  Yeah, that's so funny. I use the doc.new every day like It's very practical.

40:56 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I've even looked for like I want this from obsidian and I just couldn't I don't know, yeah.

41:01 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  This is crazy, though, because every time you name something, other than the link you just sent me, I'm like, I use Obsidian, I use Google Docs.  It's just funny, the overlap is crazy. Yeah, yeah.

41:13 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It's uncanny, you know what I'm But you said you'll need to go. I don't want to hold you. I mean, I love this conversation.  really nice to hear your voice and get to know you. I'm sure we'll talk more. Yeah. Thank you for so many references.  And feel free, unlinked in, message me.

41:34 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  And then I'm pretty bad about LinkedIn messages, but you have my email now too. So at any point, don't be afraid to reach out.  I'll probably be pinging you and follow up to that article you sent. yeah, let's stay connected. Let's get another one in the books maybe sometime next year.  For sure, for sure.

41:51 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Do you want to schedule it now or just do it later because you've to go?

41:55 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  Just because of my schedule at the beginning of the year, have a crazy number of deliveries. I'm like, is that?  I'm a blanket no right now, but not because I don't want to talk it's just fine. It's fine.

42:04 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I totally understand Okay, we will get back to it Without any reminders.

42:11 - Kurt Bostelaar (Leverlo)
  I'm sure cool. Thanks.

42:12 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Great meeting you Have a nice one. You too.