---
title: Impromptu Google Meet Meeting
date: '2024-11-04T15:18:58.000000Z'
duration: 15m
participants:
- João
source: https://fathom.video/calls/176019560
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:40:42.390050+00:00'
---

Impromptu Google Meet Meeting - November 04
VIEW RECORDING - 19 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/WPyb_3U-4sGXnSqTMXvxzmSDZo2APj3w

---

0:07 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, so this is me rehearsing for a video sales letter and the idea behind this is to present all the arguments in favor of using workshops to move clients from low intentionality to high intentionality in the cycle.  Okay. Okay, let's go. So most of your clients, so as you know, when you are selling complex services, clients go through stages from unaware of the problem, aware of the problem,  unaware of the solution, aware of the solution and then they get to know you and at some point in the sales cycle they need to make a decision and every step in the sales cycle is a little bit of a leap of faith for them especially when it comes to complex services like consulting, coaching a little bit as well and most expertise-based businesses because they cannot see what they are buying and trust is a really important factor in getting people to go from low intentionality to high intentionality.  What does this mean? So they have met you, they've seen what you do and they are kind of convinced but now they need to pull the trigger and you don't want your clients to feel too unsure about this which is normal is the natural situation.  They will feel a little bit unsure about this. how do you reduce that? uncertainty and make them feel really confident in moving forward with the sales.  Workshops are perfect for this, and there's a couple of reasons for workshops being so good. The first one is that in a workshop, when people are working together with you as a structured collaborative work session, they see you solving problems they have.  So they see you applying your own expertise to their specific context. So a workshop, like the name implies, always has a tangible output.  So at the end of a workshop, they always have something. And there's many things this could be. We can discuss that around in the video.  explain that. But for a potential client to see you going through that process where you show them how you think, how you apply your own expertise.  is how you do your own pattern recognition, how you apply nuance and not just cookie cutter advice to their specific situation.  They'll get to understand that you can help them and because they see you helping them in that process. basically a workshop, especially the first workshop, the TASer workshop is a little bit of a trial period, which is very easy to say yes to, right?  It's easy to say yes to a trial period. You should charge for this but you should charge less than for a full scope thing, right?  So the idea is that you have an initial workshop that is very well structured and is designed to elevate every good thing that you do.  Each one of your highlights, each one of the things that your past clients compliment about the way you work, you package them up in a TASer workshop, which is shorter and really to the point.  Okay. And you know this, you know this because you've been reading stuff about broadcast services, you've been reading stuff about service design, you've been reading stuff about creating your consulting offer, all of this stuff from, you know, the likes of Max Strahler, Debussy Baker, Chris DuBois, Aisha Armstrong, Luke Smears, Sean Johnson, you know, all of these guys have been telling you these things.  So you are old on that. The issue is that sometimes it's difficult for somebody that doesn't have experience putting together a workshop to know exactly how to put together a workshop.  The logic makes sense to you, but you don't know exactly the steps of putting together a workshop. And I can do exactly what I'm suggesting you to do, and I can explain to you how I do it.  So let me explain to you how we would create a workshop. job for your own specific services, right? The first thing that we do is a four-step process as so many things in consulting.  So the first thing that we do is that we make a little audit. This is supposed to be quick.  We make a little audit of services that you have provided already. This is very concrete stuff. This is not like stuff you would like to do.  This is stuff that you have done in the past. So we make a list of the services you have provided and clients you have served with those services.  And from that list we understand how each service connects to the next one, right? Because you want your clients to move through a ladder as you make it very easy to step in and each additional service that you provide adds a little bit more value, is a little bit more strategic and you can charge more for that, right?  And this is the conundrum. Everybody knows that you need to see strategy but then strategy is relatively difficult to sell or is at least different is a different thing to sell strategy right.  So the first step we do this audit of all the services you've provided for the past I don't know 10 clients and based on that audit we understand which services make the most sense for a starting relationship and which services would make sense to come after okay so we now have a bit of a timeline which is akin to what max trailer often recommends we have a little bit of a timeline and on this timeline we select the services that we select actually one service that is the one that you know makes the most sense for a starting engagement and then dive into this service okay so we have an audit lots of services there's many of them we pick one and we go deep into that and now we unfold that service  you provide, right? Given that you are in consulting or agency work, basically any expertise-based business, what will happen is that you have a couple of things you always do for that service, correct?  And we want to divide this service you provide in three stages. The first stage is everything that happens before you get to talk to that person, okay?  So this includes qualifying stuff, this includes pre-work, this includes maybe some, I wouldn't like to call it training, but it's a little bit like training, like you send them a reference that will get them ready for the next stage, right?  What's the logic behind this? The logic behind this is that you want to provide as much value in a short amount of time.  And the best way to do that is you, the time, the lifetime you have on a call, you really,  focus on what you can do best on that call and everything else that they don't need to do together with you, you'll leave it for before or after.  So we now have a service and we select each step of that service and we pick some parts of that and bring it before the service.  We can use like forms and scorecard based marketing like Daniel Priestley often talks about. And then we have the stuff that happens inside of the workshop.  This is the meat and bones of the thing. This is the workshop that I'm talking about. Inside of the workshop you choose what things you need to know.  You need to get from that client. This could be a couple of things. There's different kinds of information. There's different kinds of decisions, of course, based on the information you need and the decisions you need to  to make or you need to make together, you select which activities for the workshop make the most sense. Okay?  And this is where I come in really really strong because I will help you help you select which activities have the most impact for that thing.  Oftentimes they are not very flashy and this is by design. Flashy workshops they really capture people's attention but at the same time they're a little bit more difficult to run and maybe not just a little bit.  know as you get a workshop that is a more involved experience, sophisticated it also becomes a little bit harder for you to run them and for you to train your team to run them.  So by putting all of the effort in making sure that we're doing the right workshop that answers the right questions in the right way, we are free from picking to  exuberant activities. We do not want exuberant activities. We want activities that make so much sense that they are so simple, that the client moves through them together with you very easily.  They don't need to ask a lot of questions about the instructions, they understand the purpose of the thing, they understand what they need to do, they see how things connect, right?  So we put together these hidden bones of the workshop and now we have the last stage, the stage that happens after the workshop, okay?  This last stage that happens after the workshop, for a taster workshop is harder, okay? Because you want people to get to the decision while they're alive with you.  You don't want them to do a workshop and then afterwards they'll tell you, oh, okay, yeah, I'll think about that.  You don't want that. As you know, in sales, you don't want that. So what you do at the end for the post workshop thing is you can, there's a few directions you can take.  One of the directions, is more declarative, let's say, more descriptive. You just say, we did this thing, we asked these questions, we got these answers, which is the next thing we need to do.  Okay, and then you have a more prescriptive approach to things, which is, I would say next level, it's a little bit more sophisticated, which is based on what we did on the workshop, this is what you need to do.  So what's the difference between here? Between these two, the first one, the more descriptive ending of the workshop is just about, you know, repeating back to people what they've told you, which works really well as you know, but doesn't help you as much in terms of making them understand that you can help them in very concrete ways.  When you take the next step, which is a bolder step, when you take the next step of telling them, based on the workshop that we did together, this is the three things you need to do, or these are the three challenges  you might face when implementing this, or these are the three outcomes that will be ready for you when you do these things.  You create a picture of the future that they will have, and also you provide them with a map to get to that future.  So this is the basic system for creating a workshop for your expertise, a taster system. There's more nuance to this of course, but basically this Now, remember, this taster workshop is perfect for clients that already know you and they are in touch with you.  It's not as much a client acquisition tool. You could shape it in that way, but the way I'm presenting it is less of that.  It's much more of a temple accelerator. So you want people to get into that phase just, you know, in the sales cycle for too long, gluing the enthusiasm, getting distracted by other things.  So you drop a taste of workshop on them and you accelerate the tempo for the sales decision. And this becomes really easy for your contact at your client to take forward because there's a couple of things.  First, they'll have a tangible outcome the result of your workshop, which could be a PDF or a set of recommendations, could be the visual boards of the canvas that are perhaps proprietary method.  You do that as well. And they can take that and they take that to their organization and they have something to show what they've done with you.  And there's also another thing which is this is not just taking your presentation forward. This is them taking what you and them did together.  So there's the IKEA effect. I don't know if you're familiar. So basically when you were involved in the creation of something, your connection to that thing is much stronger.  So whenever you build together, you put together some IKEA furniture, which we know is not the best furniture in the world.  It's just okay. does the job. When you put together something, you get an emotional connection to that. And you feel much more confident that you know all that works because you put it together.  So you run a workshop with your clients. They have something to do forward that they have participated in. And you have built-in buy-in from their side.  And then this thing that you've created, this asset, will circulate inside of the company. This could be, like I said, PDF or a file or an email.  There's something with your name on it that will circulate throughout the company. So you've just increased your surface area for people inside of your client's company to associate your name with solving that problem.  So that's the first thing. The second thing is, they've seen... you apply your expertise to their specific situation. So they've got value regardless of what's their next step.  The point is, you have removed the risk of them making a fool of themselves. They will not make a fool of themselves because that takes a workshop, already gave them something, right?  And this both accelerates a sales cycle and also increases trust in your ability to solve their problems. Because as you know, experts, they have this thing which is a little bit of our nemesis.  We are extremely curious about our domain of expertise, about our field. And that curiosity makes us keep looking for more stuff to learn, right?  That makes us an expert. However, if we don't rein in this instinct that we experts have, we start to have trouble communicating with people that are not experts, right?  And yeah, the end result. Well, this could be that people see that you know your stuff. They understand that, OK, this person really understands, I don't know, data analytics.  And I trust that they are technically competent. But especially if they are a little bit more experienced, your clients, they could start to wonder, like, yes, they are technically competent.  But I don't know if they are competent at the skill of delivering their expertise to my specific context. And a workshop addresses this, right?  So this is what I do. I've been doing this for more than a decade. I've been putting together workshops for more than a decade.  I've done it for, you know, this is a part of the video where I tell you about my credentials.  I've done it for Coca-Cola, Visa, banks, insurance companies, the largest companies in Brazil, many companies outside of Brazil. I've done it for consulting companies.  I've done it for, you know, educational companies. I've done it for startups selling weird stuff. the things, you know, like complex crypto infrastructure stuff like that.  So there's a logic to this. There's a logic to the way I take what seems to be an abstract kind of expertise and turn it into a very packageable and discrete unit of time, which is your work session, your workshop.  If this interests you, there's a couple of ways we could move forward. First, we could set up a call.  There's a link just below. Or you can also take a look at my newsletter. I talk about this stuff all the time, because the thing is it's relatively easy to find workshop tips on how to design workshops.  Most of these tips, they're not aimed at people like you that need to sell your expertise. workshop tips you will find, they're aimed at workshop facilitators, they're like teaching new tools for workshop facilitators, which are great, but it's the most likely scenario is that you are not a workshop facilitator, you are somebody that can benefit from knowing how to facilitate workshops up to a point, but you're not interested in the most advanced workshop facilitation techniques.  So, and this is what I talk about in my newsletter. So, if you have a challenge right now that you need to, you know, the sales sample of your process, just hit me up, we can set up a poll and we'll do a basic workshop for you, we can do it together.  Or if you're not quite ready yet, you can just sign up for the newsletter where I talk about this stuff, I discuss case studies, and I'll give you more information on it.  Okay, so thank you for everything, and well, that's it. I'm here, ready to hear from you.