---
title: 'DoisEmes + Fortifai: How Fortifai is presented to clients'
date: '2024-11-11T14:00:00.000000Z'
duration: 60m
participants:
- João
- Abbey Lin
source: https://fathom.video/calls/178787544
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:39:34.109048+00:00'
---

DoisEmes + Fortifai: How Fortifai is presented to clients - November 11
VIEW RECORDING - 70 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/pxvVz4fgiX6-6NYJF-_ewsaoso-L_hMm

---

0:03 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Wyżą, młodzież, mążą. Dzień dobry. Hello. I think I can hear everybody.

0:51 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Got it.

0:57 - A L
  Great. How are you still in Portugal?

1:11 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, I arrived on Saturday, I'll be here up until next Sunday. And then I stayed for three weeks in Brazil, and then I come back to this side of the for two months.  Oh, okay.

1:27 - A L
  Is it a crazy trip?

1:32 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, very nice.

1:34 - A L
  Thank you. Great. Should we start? Ivan is probably not going to join. was just meeting with him. Mustafa might join, but we'll find out.  But we can start. think they're still talking. Cool.

1:49 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So Rumeu and I, we met with Ivan. was really in. You mentioned that.

1:54 - A L
  It was really valuable.

1:56 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So let's go for the... I don't know if I interrupted. So basically for today's agenda, the basic idea is that we know of the speed imperative and that means prioritization and prioritization means, you know, fitting both the vision of the company and your desires and intentions and what clients are expected.  So because of that, we want to see, sit a little bit in the client's seat and see how you introduce the business as if we've never discussed like the design team from this side.  You think you could do that?

2:35 - A L
  Yeah. Yeah, I just made a presentation, so maybe I can kind of show it and see it. Oh gosh, where are you guys?  Oh, the second. Okay. All right, I'll share my screen. What is my tab? Oh, is it okay if we record this because I'm using that?

3:05 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  That's fine.

3:06 - A L
  Do you see my screen? Yeah, I see your screen. Does it say presentation start? Okay. Great. So when if you were to come, like, so there's not one way of doing it, right?  So I will just kind of do it from maybe like a CFO or like a compliance officer if you were on that side on how you would do it.  Usually, usually, let's see, hold on a second. I would do an intro about myself and my background about where my experience and that usually I would say it disarms a lot of people because I do have a lot of very clear subject matter expertise.  they suddenly realize, okay, I'm speaking to somebody, at least out of this conversation, I'll learn something, you know? So like  they usually will be like, okay, it's worth it, at least for my conversation, because like, I'll get something out of this.  So that helps. And then I usually start throwing out, before I often don't even use a presentation, I think when I do a presentation, it doesn't go as well, because you're going to do these things.  But I usually try to find out how is it going with ESG in their company. So I ask like, how is it going?  And then I'll read the room, depending on what they say, then I'll say like, well, this is a challenge I've seen here, this is a challenge I've seen here.  So usually if they're like, if there is a person in the room that's already doing compliance and sustainability, I will probably talk more about how manual it is, or how difficult it is for them to find the data that they have that they can't find it.  If it's somebody who doesn't have any resources, and they're the person designed like, like a chief legal officer of a CFO, I'll just start talking about how difficult it is, and how the current, current options in the market don't help.  them like you know their current options are either big four consultancies that are very expensive and they've all like reached out to these consultancies and it's too expensive they don't want to start or they have this ESG reporting school where they all hate or don't like or you do one time a year reporting and then you leave and then again so I'll talk about how how with my experience I'll talk about like I've had 20 years of experience looking at these these are the two main challenges I see they're either too expensive or they're not the right fit you know do you does this resonate with you and I kind of see what the answer is and then I kind of poke in there a little bit more about like how what we're building is meant to be very different it's to be very streamlined very easy like walk you through all the processes that so yet you don't have to think about it so that's kind of how I've been going about it so I haven't like like so this is like I have a presentation but we haven't really used it that much but we can we can try it so like I've been saying that we automate the compliance process within 8 to 12 weeks reducing 80 percent of the cost  moving the industry away from annual ESG reporting to continuous ESG management. this is like, I think that like oftentimes I try to like land in the meeting that we are not an ESG reporting tool because that's where most people think about when they think about software for ESG, they go ESG reporting tools.  I always try to make sure in the meeting I was like, no, we're not an ESG reporting tool and we're different because we do continuous monitoring.  And how I often say that which I think this analogy often lands is that you think about financial reporting.  It's not just once a year when you publish your annual financial report. It's every day you get to see and manage your financial activity.  It's the same thing with ESG. It's not once a year that you put out your annual report but you should actually be managing this on a day-to-day basis and we enable that.  So I talk a lot about that going in there. I have a team slide about us and then we have our...  or like, I don't talk too much about these. Some of these slides are more like presentations if I did, but some of the people know that there's a regulation that's coming out called ESRS, CSRS, CSRD and ESRS, and that there's more and more regulations that they need to manage.  ESG is becoming like an HR or an IT function. everybody just needs to have ESG, right? that's how it's becoming.  But the costs are very high. If you were to hire a person, you know, then it'll cost at least 100,000 euro for their salaries, the benefits, the taxes, and that's only one person that can't manage the whole ESG.  You know, you might need to hire one person for a one person for G. And then like all of the additional tools, whistleblowing tools, third party management, all of these additional tools cost and add up a lot of money.  And then the challenge is that there's not enough sustainability for compliance officers in the market. I actually think it's dying breed.  So people can't even hire people if they want to hire them because they don't exist. So they're having a challenge of like, how do I do this tech thing that I need to do?  but I don't like what else is out in the market. So now suddenly I'm presenting like an alternative to the market that is like kind of lower risk and that we walk them through the process and they don't need to think about it.  So I've been trying to say like, know, what makes this, oh, sorry, go on.

8:19 - En Abdulahu (fortifai.co)
  Okay, so what I've been trying to say is like, what makes us so unique?

8:23 - A L
  I didn't really use this slide. This is a new slide I made over the weekend. But like, you know, we're simple guided compliance.  So put 20 years of expertise into a step-by-step platform. Like kind of really walks you through the process. I say that we're the fastest in the market.  We'll find out that's true, but I think it is like around eight to 12 weeks that we can get there and that we have affordable predictable costs.  So we don't have large upfront fees. Most of our competitors are consultants. So they don't have an incentive to reduce the price.  They just want to make it more complicated. And then we also cover all in one, for environmental, social, and governance.  So you don't have to for an environmental tool, a social tool, a governance tool in one, and then you don't have to hire an additional person like a sustainability or compliance officer.  You can use existing people. So, you know, how do we how do we help companies so that we help them cut out the tedious admin?  I haven't used the slide before. This is new also. I've been over the weekend from after London minimizing.

9:25 - En Abdulahu (fortifai.co)
  We avoid costly mistakes where there are 24 sevens.

9:29 - A L
  So if you think about like a compliance officer goes on holiday and then you can't find anything because it's very manual, know, like so we're able to be there.  And then like we also engage the employees in a fun way, a funner way in our in our platform so that they're able to participate in it.  And then we also enable less burnout or stress for the person that's aligned that's sent the ESG task that they need to do.  So then yeah, since you mentioned it, what seems to be kind of catch

10:00 - En Abdulahu (fortifai.co)
  up with our customers and  that if the compliance officer leaves, the data doesn't leave with them. So it stays with your company.  Yeah, exactly. So and that's often a challenge in our field.

10:12 - A L
  like the time span of a compliance officer who's one to two years and then they they leave and then you lose everything that's in their inbox.  So so how do we do it? You know, like so this is like where the policies, procedures, trainings, controls and everything that you see is that we have guided walkthroughs that continuously collects the data over time and then shows the dashboards on it.  And then there's tasks and reminders of what you actually need to do. And then, you know, we haven't created this, but then there's automatic generated reports that come from the data.  So we reduce the implementation time from one to two years to eight to 12 weeks. And we do reduce all costs by 80%.  So that's kind of what we say. So then we have, you know, this this one, I think this one, I think we need to redesign.  But these two, I think are fine. This is just like trying to like explain to them like we think about risk assessment, policy trainings, communication, controls, all of this is a very much of a map of what that you need to do in terms of compliance and then the dashboard that kind of tells you what you need to do.  So I think it's a so we call it intuitive proactive management system. So then our areas of focus, I changed this over the weekend and we need to change our website to match like so I took out 2400 which is the sustainability one but I think we could do ISO 2600 and ISO 4500 which is around health safety environment, social responsibility and that environment.  So these are ISOs and this is a big like No, I think it should be actually here. I should add it here ISO.  We could do both pretty much the same ISO. So so we have this this is the overarching regulation that most people in the EU are price stressed about.  These are typical topics that are covered within it. And then these are the ISOs that correspond with what they can get ISO certified or verified if you can't get certification around that.  And so this is what I call the end-to-end support because if you think about ESG reporting, that's where ESG reporting is.  It's on the last one, right? Like you think about the once a year reporting, that's that. But if you have, what we do is policies, training, communication, risk assessment, and we do all of these.  we do end-to-end support versus just the reporting aspect or that a lot of companies do. So that's what we're trying to show in that process.  So I think eventually we can become the entry point for a lot of ESG tools because how I call it is that we're a Toyota of ESG management.  So if somebody decides they wanna upgrade or like, I don't know, pinball their car, they can go into like nature-based.  They can go into really niche ones that they want to do. we can be the entry point for them so either we can take a kickback from companies that want to be able to you know merge with our platform or they want to do different things so I think there's an opportunity there.  I also see that there's an opportunity where we can be fully AI driven like you don't even need human interaction this will be more longer term when we're actually able to get the data and we're actually able to see how people and like track how people move and use our tool but that's like a longer term thing so that's kind of where we are and oftentimes I try to find out either which one of these companies is going to impress them you know which one's similar to them and I'll bust out that like Telvenor and offer solutions are two of the biggest companies in Norway so that helps at least with giving us like some credibility but it also sometimes throws the message off because they're like we're not like them like why are you working with us you know they're too big so I've been kind of throwing in like the smaller ones like Streis we haven't started working with them but they have signed our pilot and we're going to have a follow-up meeting but Streis is very popular because they're like oh Streis is on it like but like um  But then here are some of the other ones, and we have a UK-based company too that we need to market.  that's kind of the presentation. But I would say that I haven't had so much success with just like going down the presentation and then having somebody like be like I want to sign up.  Oftentimes it's like, it's like I only bring out the presentation like if they ask for the presentation. I just have a conversation with them first and they're like, OK, well, would you have something that you can show us like more physical and then I'll bring out the presentation and show it to them.  But yeah.

14:31 - En Abdulahu (fortifai.co)
  Ideally we will use the demo so instead of the presentation. Yeah, exactly.

14:37 - A L
  would be better if we can have a demo because I know some of them are asking for a demo and I'm like, yeah, it's coming.  Here's picture of it. You know, so it's a yeah. So by the end, hopefully by the end of November, we'll have this policies trainings and and and communication able to be demoed.  Those three will be demoed and then controls hopefully by. of December and then and then you know we've discussed third party and risk assessment that's something that we need to work on now so that hopefully by January that will be ready and then by the middle of January is when we actually start piloting it with our customers like after the new year and also do some marketing around that we can like kind of record them like first week this is what you do second week and do some marketing hopefully get them compliant by eight to twelve weeks according.

15:25 - En Abdulahu (fortifai.co)
  We should also really prioritize the reporting as well because actually looked very detailed at the ISOs and it says that we need to have a dashboard around reporting to the management at least on the front of 1400.

15:40 - A L
  Yeah yeah we could do that manually probably for them um they just need to see the actual document that we yeah that the management has like there are some orders you're right in terms of ISO that we haven't considered like before they launched the policy they need to confirm with the management and they have a meeting with the management first before we do all of this so yeah there there's definitely good that you saw that.  Actually done a lot.

16:01 - En Abdulahu (fortifai.co)
  I was quite shocked how much you recovered. yeah, yeah, that's good Okay, so I think thank you so much.

16:11 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I've listed a few questions, but I don't know I don't want to take no Yeah Um, I have a question and you don't need necessarily to this phone right now, but What are the most common?

16:30 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  Is in question that people have when you present that Um Let's see what's a good question.

16:41 - A L
  Uh, usually they really want to know do I really need it right now?

16:46 - En Abdulahu (fortifai.co)
  Okay When is the when is this when is the absolute time for me to have no other choice but to do do something about esg this one And it also depends on the customer  profile. If we are pitching to compliance officers, they usually ask a lot of questions about the details of how things are set up.  But then, if it's, for example, chief compliance officers, we haven't talked that many, probably a lot more for you next week, then what I'm happy, feel free to correct me if I'm wrong, but I think theirs is like, when do I really have no choice but to do something about this?  There's not so much focus on the details of the tool. Yeah, I think that we're going to be doing an outreach soon.  We'll know a little bit more when we start reaching out to them.

17:34 - A L
  I think it really depends if the CFO or Chief Legal Officer, if it's on their plate or their mind.

17:44 - En Abdulahu (fortifai.co)
  Is it even on their to-do list or not on their to-do list?

17:47 - A L
  If it's on their to-do list, oftentimes it's on the list, but it's not high priority on their list. They have a to-do list of everything they need to do.  ESG is one aspect of it. And then we come in with a solution like, hey, it's for a faster to implement blah blah blah oh cool I can take it off my list and you know get it done at a cheaper faster price I'll take it on my list and do it right so that's where I think like it's been on their mind they've been kind of testing the waters to see like we talked with one CFO he was like yeah I've been reaching out to consulting companies but it's so expensive so I didn't do anything and now suddenly you know we hit them with this and they're like okay yeah I'm gonna try it right so that's that's been one aspect of it I think that um but yeah so the questions is they don't have a lot of questions most of it is like they want to see the tool and how does this actually work that's usually their question is like yeah okay you wrote a good story I get it let's see the tool in action and and let's see how it works and that's been our challenge of ours we haven't had anything to show them but there hasn't been that so it's more like I think it's more if we're able to hit them when they're ready already thinking about it then we have a really compelling story if it's not even on the radar like we talked with one CFO in London like he doesn't even care about ESG he's like oh just give me a one page  checklist and tell me what I need to do. And I want to pay, you know, 2000 euro to do it.  Like those are probably not our target. They're just not mentally ready for what it takes to do ESG, right?  Like they're just CFOs being like, not even on there. So we have to kind of hit the CFOs or chief legal officers that are doing it, that are doing it.  One thing I must say is like, if you think about ES and G, you know, there's three different topics, right?  and G. The G side has already been in law for 20 years. lot of people should have already been doing the G side, the governance, the anti-bribery corruption fraud.  That is already in a lot of, so I've been able to use that for a special for legal people who also know that like, , I should have been doing stuff around this according to law, but I've just been kind of staying under the radar.  But now you're giving me an ability to manage this so I can check it off and cover my  in case this happens.  That also has been a good selling point for the G side, because that part is already regulated that you should have been doing.  something around. And a lot of companies just kind of stay under the radar because they haven't found a cost effective solution.  So that helped with the G side and selling that in. But the E and the S haven't been as regulated as much like there's more S that's been regulated with a thing called Norwegian Transparency Act but an EU triple D but the E has been more carbon so there isn't as much regulation on that even though there's more focus on E.  Yeah. Thank you.

20:32 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, this is a pattern, right? People only make decisions when the wolf is at the door. Yeah. Common human nature.  So I don't know if Maritou or anyone else has other questions, otherwise I'll fire some.

20:46 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  I'm all right. I think it's an ongoing type of process about understanding what people want and we are going to have, you know, lots of questions in the future when we have some...  which you show them because then they are going to start to see something and they have to be asked of late but how this is going to be my current and you know not I wouldn't say every day kind of too but you know this is going to be part of my culture of the company's culture and also part of my process so yeah I think we are going we are going to go deeper on that but I like the idea of having these sessions on the back color mind especially it's not necessarily our part of it but I think it's that influence is what we are going to develop in the future to really believe there's something that people want to see at first and then how they're engaged actually so so so for for this like I didn't show you the slide but like often time

22:00 - A L
  people think about compliance is like it's a cost center. I just need to do it because I need to avoid fines or reputation avoid my liability.  Like I'm really trying to make it and we see this slowly happening within the EU that it has to it's becoming a competitive advantage to have it like you know because government tenders or tenders like for companies they want to work with companies are able to show their ESG you know recruiting Gen Z talent.  I always give an example like I give these different examples like all the time in my sales pitches I'll give this example I'll be like you know the city of Oslo if you want to apply for the tender 30% of it you need to show your ESG in the UK you know for government tenders over 5 million pounds you need to be able to have your carbon reporting like it's becoming a license to operate in many companies you know and then you see about like like Gen Z talent I always give this example in Denmark where they're like the North Country Manager my previous company was saying it was so hard to recruit young people to the company because the goal of the company is to help other companies save  And like it was like Genesee people don't really care to work for a company that helps another company save money So he was really happy that we had ESG that we can able to show like what a good corporate company it is So we cream Colin I saw this at Microsoft another example I give at Microsoft is like they go down their supply chain and they're starting to cut out people from their supply chain If they're not able to show ESG and then like it with investors like happy to show that So I say it is the challenges in the market there isn't like a clear like 8% increase in sales You know like whatever there isn't like that number that you can throw out there It's more a little bit vague right now, but you're starting to see Examples of you know this have to happen, right?  And then like there is a slide that I use That talks about like different rules that you have around ESG, you know, like it could see that that are growing So it's not just an EU thing But we don't use that as as much so I think that's like This is like an older presentation though that we have but um, yeah So we're trying to like so I think we're at the edge of like there's a big  regulation that's coming in, it's also hit companies by the end of next year, most of the companies, but there are not, I've been in this regulatory compliance for many years, like sometimes the regular, you see this with the Norwegian transparency act that came out last year, that every all the consultants and everybody was so scared of, and like the governments have no time to regulate it, so they're barely regulating anything, so then the companies are like, you know, like I can get away with it, not doing it, right?  Well, that's why I'm trying to change it away, being like fine, like scaring the fine to actually know this is actually good for your business, because the likelihood of fine is actually quite low, you know, but it is like, it's more like, okay, this is good for business to be a competitor to stick out, so we've been giving the example of our UK customer who like is not in the EU, so he's not abound by this regulation, but he wants to do it because he wants to be seen as a good corporate citizen, it's in his DNA guy, he wants to do the right thing, so, but he also wants to get credit for it, right?  So as a business, he wants to be a machine, which is why I think for that integrity hub one that we haven't really developed,  that's going to be key because that's like our customers external bragging rights, you know, like make it really cool on that they could they're happy to show this link of everything that they're doing controls and policies and procedures and in doing that we also get like they're showing it off and that's also good for our own marketing because then they're going to a link from our page.  So I do think like making it cool and that was one of the feedback that we got from our pilots is like to make the initial design cooler so that they can show it off there.  So I think that's also new too because there isn't I haven't seen that in one of the compliance tools or like that you have this extra that in our ESG space I've seen it in the security and privacy space that's very common but not in our space so I think we can leverage that and make it work.

25:50 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  There there's a it's really interesting because there's so many vectors here like the go-to market prioritization client acquisition of motions we run to get them and how to get their attention.  So one of the things, let me check up, I've been making some notes here. There's many, many different aspects.  So one of them is related in no specific order. One of them is related to in terms of a category aspect.  So this is not an ESG reporting tool. This is a more comprehensive, I don't want to say tool, but capacity maybe.  Like management system.

26:31 - A L
  But we have to be careful with management system because there's an iso terminology that's very similar to that. But yeah, we're more of a platform maybe, like a platform to manage things.  Perfect. there's that category aspect to it.

26:47 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  There's also the more, let's say, square-ish relationship to regulation. So regarding regulation, quick question. From what you've told this it is impending right it feels like a tsunami arriving and at some point in the future is there a date for these things that is estimated already yeah it's like December 26th of next year no it's January January 1st 2026 January 1st 2026 so starting 2026 they will hit so it's like eight quarters right of four quarters like December 26 so it's two years no no no January 1st okay okay so it's five quarters maybe yeah it's like five quarters yeah okay which is tomorrow in corporate terms okay and another thing at some point you've mentioned that you would like to redo the yellow slide that there's some screenshots of  of the platform right now. What specifically would you like to redo that thing? I know we're not talking slides, we're talking about the pain behind the pain.  What don't you like about the slide, the yellow slide that has the screenshots?

28:17 - A L
  yeah, like I can pull it up. And can you grab the Vanta Trust Center School? We can also show where the original part of it came from while I try to pull up this presentation.  So we stole this idea from a security and privacy company that's doing really well and they have a similar module.  I think because they're regulated and boring people, that I think it's okay that theirs is boring. But I think to stand out, we should make ours fun and cooler looking.  Let me pull up the presentation. So while we search for that presentation, I have a segue question.

28:52 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  We've mentioned a few times that the cool and the fun is the Trust Center. Okay. This is the Trust Center from Vanta, which is kind of the leader.

29:00 - A L
  security and privacy space. So you can see all of the controls that they're working on and then all of the different complaints areas.  And this is an external link. So every one of their customers has an external link that they can use and send it or link it to their website and say, I have data privacy, everything under control.  And you can see how we work on it. You can ask for additional information and request it from them.  They have FAQ and that. So it's like, we have a version on our website which is Sprantos competitor and do that.  Yeah, it's not as pretty, like, so this is kind of, and then, you know, Vantage is the lead trust management platform that helps accelerate.  You can like do different ones and you could use that. So this is very nice and like it's very kind of boring, but this is security and privacy.  So maybe it could be boring, but I think for ESG, which has more of a human aspect of it, you can, and we don't need to have this much information.  I think that sometimes they do that also to like, it's really meant to like show people like, look, I have it under control.  Look at everything I'm doing. Yeah. control, right? There's a lot of green checkmarks. Yeah. Yeah, exactly.

30:03 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Green checkmarks. haven't under control.

30:05 - A L
  I'm doing well So this is the idea where we came from. Um, I'll share my screen now so you know to To our integrity hub You know, we're trying to find a way where we don't copy where we don't copy Venta So, you know, you have like different controls on e s and g like the scope like these are the different ISOs You can request documents.  I'm not really sure about this queue status to be honest I'm not sure how it's gonna work really, but it is a lot of the same information that you would see in Venta But just maybe even designed more fun like with the different colors or like we can think of different controls to put in or like you Could be like well, you know ESG controls that we've managed, you know, like 13 I don't know but like we showed we showed this that I was pretty cool to one of our customers and his feedback was Like that's great, but it's a little boring like if I'm gonna do all this work.  I want to be ready to be very clear everything that I've done, you know, so maybe it's you know, one thousand engaged, six, you know, this, so like, I don't know, something like that shows a little bit numbers.  Yeah, like, big, or something that just shows that they've done a lot of work that like, you know, we've, we've were continuously monitoring this or gives like a something there.

31:19 - En Abdulahu (fortifai.co)
  So I think if we actually map it to the ISO as well, I would they have all those controls that basically, we can just take the controlled name and then just check it off and then all the controls, for example, I didn't realize just by having the training and the tracking, we cross like nine controls because they're so interlinked.  Someone has to be able to have access over them. That's one control and then engage in one place as a different control, collaborate as a different control.  And you're basically with such a thing, pick up nine. Yeah, exactly.

31:50 - A L
  So we could be like nine controls around training and communication, know, like, there's different ways to like, I guess this point, it's just like, it's the bragging point of everything that we're doing in here, Like how do we  validate all the work that we're doing in here, all the controls, how many suppliers have to engage, how many different things, and then we put it in here so that it gives people a feeling like we have it under control.

32:13 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I saw that feedback on the Miro. I got the impression that it was just one of the persons that made that comment.  Do you have more feedback relating to that?

32:24 - A L
  Yeah, no.

32:25 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  think to be honest, I don't know.

32:28 - A L
  It was only one person that we specifically asked. The other ones were okay, that's great. Because I think it also doesn't explain it well enough.  I feel like if we're able to show what it does, then they'll have a better reaction. But it was more like, okay, that's cool that we can show it off.  But one kind of more clear feedback was like, yeah, it's a little bit boring. So I think we can get away with it.  We're looking like them and boring. And I think you'll still get it. But I'm just thinking about where can we stand out?  I see like, The positive feedback, at least what I've seen, what we've heard is like, is this like just even the look and feel of this being so clean and easy to use compared to any kind of compliance tool that's out in the market, right?  Most compliance tool probably look like something like that, just like a lot of different, what? Yeah, the best.

33:19 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, At the best.

33:21 - A L
  Yeah, yeah, exactly.

33:22 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So the fact that it's like clean, like they really like it.

33:25 - A L
  So if could somehow get that same clean feeling in everything that we do, like this is a clean and this is clean because compliance and it's kind of messy.  There's so many things you need to do. So we're going to have a clean feeling that we feel like they're in control.  You know, that can be a good way. I think it could be also fun, like, you know, you know, have like two different designs.  One is like a, like a very corporate design and another one's a more fun design and then they can pick which ones that they, you know, want to do.  But it's just somewhere to display the cool work, all the work that they're doing. I think also that's good for compliance people because a lot of what we do is not seen and so people don't.  And that's why they're saying like, oh, it's just the cost center, you don't do anything. But if you're actually able to show like, look at all of these, all of these different controls we're doing, it makes you look better there.  And then you can show it off to, you know, employees, you can show it off to investors, you can show it off to the supply chain and saying we're doing these things.  Yeah. Yeah.

34:18 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I mean, in my mind, when you show me this stuff at one end, I see the vendor approach, which is almost the status page for a software company.  on the other hand, I'm being like Spotify Wrapped, right? Oh, yeah.

34:33 - A L
  Spotify Wrapped every few years and gives you something to share.

34:37 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Spotify Wrapped is kind of cool, Yeah, yeah, exactly. And there's probably a place we can be.

34:43 - A L
  be that, yeah.

34:44 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  They got so much marketing from that actually, yeah.

34:47 - En Abdulahu (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, let's do the Spotify Wrapped.

34:48 - A L
  Yeah, something kind of like that, that's true. They got a lot of, exactly. And like, that could be a cool end of the year report, like here, like send it to like, cool, like, cool.

34:57 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Like, if you think about like, it kind of got my...

35:00 - A L
  Imagination going like you think about our reporting right if we can pull all our very poor into this like really cool thing And they're sending it to them for numbers or whatever and it's super easy to reach super easy to see what we do That's also marketing too because board members are gonna be sitting other boards of other companies, right?  Yeah, we need to think about it and and like the ease of use the ease of understanding coolness factor of it that Then they can kind of market itself by going out and people want to share it and want to use it Yeah, they want to be part of it, right?

35:27 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah Related to this but maybe it's useful for me to drop a pause here, so I don't Okay, so I'll just ask the question so the compliance map on the compliance map.  It's it's really interesting because It conveys a lot of different information in one thing and it's also not the very common screen people are not used to this thing So it's distinctive, right?  There's an opportunity that and what I was thing is, I mean, I don't want to mess too much with the roadmap, it seems to me that there's an opportunity there for like a PLG sort of thing, rather collect growth sort of thing, where we show, even before they're ready, we show that the segments that are not ready and we write coming soon and give people an opportunity to interact with that like they are already using the platform, and maybe they say, oh, there's something coming around, auditing, I don't know, and this is estimated for me, it's not okay, I know, anyway, and this could be an opportunity to collect like feedback from eager clients, right, they are using the tool, they like what they see so far, they see something coming up and they're like, oh, I want to tell what I want from this, so this is the kind of lens I'm trying to use in the whole project, like mixing these design aspects with like more product management marketing, yeah

37:00 - A L
  marketing management sort of lens yeah and like if we can build in like you know coming from Microsoft that everything in their tool is like built for like kind of like product feedback and like you know feedback loop and everything and there's like different things that you want and how do we collect that information so definitely think it's good to have that built in I would say it's kind of like a short and long-term thing like I feel like we're gonna we're just like building out a quick and dirty like version by the end of by the middle of January to have to go to market but there's definitely going to be yes things that aren't going to be done whether or not we could put coming soon or like do that manually while we're doing it I think that's fine so I'm quite open to that there's not that much like the compliance map is I would say that the map itself is kind of like the basis of everything like the minimum that you need to have but then within each of them like there could be new ones like within the controls it could be like okay we're going to do a control about volunteer hours that's coming you know like in our part of control somehow we show like if you  Like, you know, would you like to have this module both here and enough votes of those then like, you know, then we build it, then that could be good there so but I think like these outer boxes should stay the same it's more like the insides will probably continue to grow and continue to mature and they'll be have probably more controls that we can keep adding to these different sections as we grow.  Very, very good thank you thank you so much.

38:24 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, I think we just I've covered all my my question this is really informative. Besides the estimations, the estimates we've we've shared and you've shared with us.  Do you have perhaps perhaps it's in the JIRA that and gave me access to all gave us access to you have like a documented roadmap or something that is like source of truth on that.  No, I was.

38:56 - A L
  Yeah, so what this is like what I'm pushing for I was just talking with you. on and and and them hold a second so this is what I like so policies you can look in the chat policies training and communication by the end of November so policy should be done by the end of this week training and communication by end of November ideally the governance controls part by mid-December and then third-party risk management and risk management by the end of December or mid-January so that would give us like time and like you know this is the development side right so the develop like the development they wouldn't start until the end of December for third-party risk manage and risk management so that gives us the next four weeks to figure out third-party risk management and risk management so that they would have something to to draw up once you guys are done with it if that makes sense yeah it does it does um yeah on my side

40:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  meaning in this, I've got a lot out of this conversation. I'm, I'm good.

40:04 - A L
  Thank you for so I feel like this week like what are you guys hoping to get for for this week and yeah and or do you have like do we need to set up another meeting to go through third party risk management you know tomorrow or something so you have like stuff to start doing or do you feel that you are you just going to look through the hook around first and then do that next week like what is the because if we're we're like yeah the love end so it's yeah one two we're like four weeks away from the middle of December which we would have to have two of those sections done drawn up but the good thing about it is those two sections are they really they're not coming at a zero so like eggs has done parts of them already and I don't know we should maybe follow up with eggs to see where pin are and really are on those two but um  They've done, they've done, yeah, somewhere.

41:03 - En Abdulahu (fortifai.co)
  I'm happy on it, she was really working on it. I don't know, she's finished it, based on our conversation.

41:09 - A L
  But it could be good, they've already done a lot of that, so it's more looking at that and seeing how to make it better, because they haven't spent that much time on it, but they have put some work into it.

41:22 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So, okay, we have, we have a couple of estimates to share. We, yeah, perhaps I can share the screen here.  Where is this? So, this is a bit of a working document, but is directionally correct, so we can, we can use that.  So, we have decided to splice this, no, not splice, to slice. this into three tracks. So we don't need to do them all significantly and we can also divide it amongst ourselves.  So the first one is a more UI kind of, there's a more UI angle to it and we have these dates for the for the analysis and also the analysis of components, specific components, like this was something that came up with events conversation today and then we want to give you a proposition for improvements and this has been a topic of internal debate on how much detail is useful for you guys because we don't want to make like a report that's just very thorough but not useful for the way you work.  We might discuss that at the end of this conversation and also give you some suggestions on components and stuff like that.  we could go together on the 22nd. second track, because you see that they are not sequential. So the second track is more about reviewing the journeys, start with controls, mismatch management, and then training.  You always get them all at the end of this week, the 15th, which equals the analysis of flows and also a little bit later, depending, of course, on feedback that we get from you, a little bit of low fidelity prototyping.  So when I talk about low fidelity prototyping, the figma that we see is probably the top of the iceberg.  There's probably other working documents that you have so far. Low fidelity prototyping is supposed to be much faster. So we can just either reuse stuff or make it like black and white.  Just make sure that we've got the right thing and don't spend time polishing stuff that would not be used.  And then we do this the way Pedality prototyping for controls, risk assessment and training and you get them on the 21st, 26th and 29th.  And finally, we have a little bit of a catch-all part with all of our analysis on the 29th as well.  Is this making sense or is this aligned with your expectations so far? I need to see the bottom part to see it.

44:23 - A L
  Did you send it on here? right, because need to send it for sure.

44:29 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I know you said that I just need to find it again, but yeah.

44:32 - A L
  Okay, go on. I was wondering about we already have controls ready so maybe and training we kind of have ready so it would think it would be actually like where you have control online 15 and 17.  It should actually be third-party risk management like 15 should be third-party risk management. for this to be third party risk management and then and then the 16th could be the risk assessment and then the 17th could be probably the settings or the the login like the options you know when you go in and do the settings and doing all of all of that that part hasn't or no yeah and then and then yeah the integrity hub but you have the integrity hub above there right it's it's done here okay so okay uh yeah three new journeys okay so audit board report yeah so I guess maybe we're missing another or like I guess the low fidelity like so for for the three new journeys that's fine because there isn't anything there right so the for the third party and the risk assessment and the settings there is already existing things from  There is like so not necessarily low fidelity prototyping because they already have like full like prototyping on that But they are probably missing a few things in those that haven't been thought through because they've done it so quickly So I don't know if it's journey is review or journey is like It's more like checking see like does it make sense or would you kind of edit it any way to make it better?  I would say for for those because those yeah should be done one of the things we could do is there's a Common tool in UX design, which is a heuristics evaluation.

46:34 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So we just have like a checklist of best practices Yeah, and we go through that and it's kind of an accepted Checklist pro for the entire web so to say and we just do that and we get a go-no-go pass or pass sort of evaluation on multiple Aspects of the of the fold so far if this is more useful than the low fidelity prototyping because Just  to see if I understand. Previously, in these lines that I've just edited, the things that were listed were things that are already done.  So it's not useful to prototype them right now. If we are going to prototype stuff, it's better to be stuff that has not done yet, right?  So in that sense, you've suggested to focus on third-party risk management. Keep the risk assessment and the settings, plug-in options.

47:33 - A L
  No, I guess it depends what we talk about in prototyping. eggs, so those three ones on 15 to 17, eggs has made a design on them already.  And that's part of their deliverables as a design on it. But having said that, they spent maybe a week and a half on these really nice designs.  So there could be something missing in those designs because they went so quickly. So I think what... to be good is like okay you've seen their overall design and maybe tested out yourself from a UI, perspective being like I'm totally new.  I have no idea how to do a third-party risk management process. If I were to click through their designs and kind of follow their flow would it make sense to me as a totally new person going in or are we are they missing steps because like like and that need to be drawn out more maybe they need to have more eyes or information buttons that we need to give more context maybe they should have a product you know there could be something they missed in that fast really like quick and dirty getting it out there but they did I my feeling is they probably got 85 percent of it right but maybe there's 15 percent that we just really didn't spend the time to get the overall flow right that would be good to just check it over and it could be very fast because you can go through it and like yep that makes sense but it's literally like we were discussing on Friday with eggs being like how do you do this do this do this and they're just doing it very quickly so we haven't really we had a lot more time to go through training and communication and test it with our our customers and do it all of that  So it would be good to get that just reviewed, I would say, so that then the team can start building, you know, that in after, because after, yeah, in December time frame, so to work on that.  And then you have the integrity hub audit and board report there. So that part is not on the development plan yet.  So we don't even have it on the development plan. So that's probably not going to go out into January.  We probably have to do some stuff manually there, but it would be great if we can draw it out too.  so I think, I think the timeline is okay. I think it's more of the topics because like ideally is like we have as much as we can drawn out by December 15 by the time we go on holiday.  And then then the development team, some of them who don't celebrate Christmas can continue working on the designs while we're there.  then we come back and then we continue fixing some of the other designs and like going back with our customers and meeting with them and then building it out even more.

50:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Perfect so now it makes perfect sense to me in that case just so we leave this conversation with very clear Do you agree that okay?  So the heuristic analysis is what you just described so going over a flow and checking if things make sense based on best practices Of all the possible things that could be checked One of things you've mentioned today, and you've also mentioned in previous conversation is this desire for us to have to use the The I said the virgin look we are familiar with it with the theme right so this is useful Yeah, and of all the possible angles we could use to do an audit One of the angles that you are most interested in is like the first user experience like I've never seen this is this intuitive to understand the stuff yeah Yeah, exactly like I like would you be able to if we just threw this page at you You know would you know what you need to do without like you know me or n being on the call being like okay?

51:00 - A L
  here and then click here and then click here you know like and I do think that we might be able to be like step one and then like add a little bit more add a little bit eyes and whatever but I think you know for for how do I say this is like we're going to have a quick and dirty version like at least for our first few pilot customers and then I will be on every week making sure they know where to press and to do this but we need to get to this product led growth thing that you're talking about that people can actually do it themselves and ideally the more that we can do that earlier the better because then that takes less of our time but I think there's a balance of like just to get the product and ready like you know okay focus on just getting the core out and then we'll put the other stuff in later but we will need both in there.

51:39 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Perfect yeah so yeah that makes sense to me. Please check the flows with a special focus on how do they level up people that are using it for the first time yeah this might mean tool tips the eyes or progressive disclosure of information like people start this they do this thing and  this thing pops up and then they do this thing.

52:03 - A L
  And that like as I think about that doesn't make sense for you guys to take a day or two and look at like the communicate like to start from the beginning look at you know like policies training and communication so that you understand that but the challenge is the team is literally in the middle of building that so is it gonna you know like is it better for you guys to because we've had that we've had that that's we've had that dilemma here and so there's two ways we've been discussing this more internally.

52:35 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So one of them is just trying to stay ahead of the development team and it's more a pace issue and the other one is more can we focus on things that will be necessary but they are less enmeshed with the rest of the platform so let me give an example.  I think the integrity hub is a perfect example of this. So the integrity hub is basically a gross sort of product right?  That's the purpose of it. And it is in meshed with the rest of the platform in the sense that it displays information that is collected elsewhere, right?  But it's kind of, from an experience standpoint, it's kind of a standalone thing, right? It could exist somewhere else.  And we've been wondering about that because one of the pathways we could take is just try to stay ahead of the development and check things and redo things before they need to wait, which is the worst possible scenario.  And the other one is to put more emphasis on stuff that is less constrained by the current development. The thing is, you still need the sections that are not done yet, right?  those are probably the priority. Our dilemma on this is not fully crystallized yet. I mean, our decision on this is not fully crystallized yet.  But I believe, and we need to We'll need to discuss this amongst ourselves, but I believe that your requests to do an analysis that is especially focused on first time users.  I think that's that's within within really for sure. So we can probably I think actually I think it could be good for you to think about it as a first time user and look at the.

54:21 - A L
  I think again, it depends on how long it takes right is it going to take that if it's going to delay the product by a week or two for you to look at policies procedures and trainings and I don't think it's worth it.  But I think if it's going to help you like for a day or two to look at policies procedures and trainings and understand it and maybe make notes of where you would like later on when we go back around it where you would change it and fix it.  So that when you go into third party management or whatever you already understand how the flow works and like what needs to be continued to make time user.  I think that could be worth the time but if it's going to take like another week or two for you to like review policies and we brought out everything about policy procedure and on how you would change it.  I don't think that's worth the time you know what I mean because we're moving so quickly. like I do think we need to stay ahead of what is being developed in the short term and then maybe come back and around and clean it but if it's going to help you yeah I think so like yeah and I don't know like because I do have like you know one or two days like for the review for each of them if you go on the top part like the like line 15 you know like yeah three or four days like maybe then that's okay right like to add that for like add one more line for three more days for policy procedure and training then then that's okay but if it's like gonna do it a lot more than I probably would say maybe just jump into the rest of it this is useful information for us so it just helps us prioritize try to fit it in if you see that it moves the dates which is not worth it perfect I think you need to understand like either way you still spend an hour to looking at policies procedure training because that's the first thing you're selling that's the first thing that's going to like you really need to understand that to see how the other ones fit anyway and controls too oh yeah also

56:00 - En Abdulahu (fortifai.co)
  Well, when you are doing the review, just as Abby mentioned, see if it makes sense. And if it doesn't, or if you think that having an information button with that value, please make a note.  Because that was some of the feedback that our customers would like, information buttons around the tool. This is a great topic.

56:19 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Because for sure, there's a curve in terms of implementation costs, right? So putting an I button or a tooltip or an information button, it's relatively easy, right?  So it's not the most complex thing to do. And this is very easy for us also, for us to suggest, right?  Maybe it would make sense within the timeframes we were talking about, not extending the timeframes. Maybe it makes us to consider what kind of components would be necessary to teach people how to use the platform.  So let me give an example. Oh, right. But we don't have any i-button or how to display the information that is on the i-button.  So this is a kind of easy to do, right? Would it make sense to consider how to add more information, more textual information, more contextual stuff, or maybe a link to a video, I don't know, stuff like this?  There's a certain library of components that are about this, about educating the users, there's a set of components about it.  So maybe we can do this, spend that hour, because that's what we're already doing, with a special focus on leveling up, educating our first-time users, and use that to inform our next decisions on what kind of components will need to be created for this.  No, I think so too.

57:51 - A L
  And one thing that we have in here, in Gravity, we have it on this flow, but it could be good to add the employee portal, because that's something  I'm a little bit concerned on whether we already have one. So it could go in line like 17 or 18 instead of close report, it would be employee portal.  Because if you think about the success of our platform really relies on employees using it, because that's where the data come from.  The employee needs to report. They need to report their volunteer hours. They might need to report their commute. They might need to report their meeting with government officials.  And employees hate doing compliance admin. So how do you actually make it fun? And I was thinking, even like your Spotify raps idea, how do you even make it fun for them or visually that they go in, they get a little bit of a more like a slot machine, something that's like, oh, thanks.  You put it in, now you've helped save the world. Or something more fun that they're going to talk about.  Because I've worked in this industry long enough that it's just dread. You think about having to do your test reports.  like, oh, you don't want to do it, right? But the success and the fun and how we differentiate from other compliance tools is.  this little creative fun cool aspect that doesn't bother them you know that that that engages them and i think that's like a i think you guys would be really like creative to be able to think of something like that right what would motivate you guys to have to put in like your you know your meeting your your gifts and entertainment you know like it's not a fun thing people love doing but it's like how do you make it i would say like give it to them on a silver platter or like you know like you have to hand it to them so it's so easy that they don't want to not do it or they they don't feel as angry when they do do it you know so that's kind of the the feeling you know like somebody goes like you know i hate my expense reports and like or i hate having to declare this and then somebody's like a horrified romance is actually quite fun you know like you know so something around that creativity so yeah we have like this employee hub that also has been created by by the eggs team and that could be something like on like yeah line 18 i don't know what flows report is but like looking  that what the employee is and how do we put it in a way that it's fun for employees to use?

1:00:04 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  My suggestion on that would be to perhaps reorder something because the employee hub, like you said, is quite crucial, right?  from, like I'm aware, we are a start-up, but it would be probably like a dedicated product team for that thing.  So it's relevant. So my suggestion would be to, instead of doing the integrity hub, and I mean, I'm open to your decision, of course, instead of focusing on the integrity hub, which is a nice thing, but it's kind of a nice to have when compared to the employee hub, the energy we would put on doing a full creative and UX design and UI design as well approach or exploration of the integrity hub, we put that energy into the employee hub because the integrity hub  But now, it's a very cool idea, and I think it will happen, but it's not something that is blocking your ability to demo the thing.  The employee hub would block your ability to demo the thing, so it seems to me that makes more sense to replace the integrity hub exploration with the employee hub.

1:01:22 - A L
  I would actually prefer to replace it with the board reporting or the audit because part of the integrity hub, when I try to sell it, if you think about when I sell it, when I show my presentation, I always try to be like, hey, and then you have this external link where you can go and show off and how cool you are.  they could actually visualize that, that's actually a selling point. And then the employee hub is also a selling point because it's like one of the biggest concerns about compliance people and CFOs is bothering their employees.  It's like, oh, I'm going to add more work to my employees and I need them to sell. So if you're able to show an employee hub, look, it's actually kind of cool, kind of fun, your employees.  aren't going to hate it, that's actually a really good selling point. Whether or not the audit or board reporting part of it is  or cool, probably not going to matter as much.  It's like they just want to report. They just want the audit trail. doesn't matter as much, but the social, buy-in, the people using it, that would be the integrity hub and the employee portal would be more important on that.  So prioritize that than the audit or board reporting.

1:02:26 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So in that case, to me, it makes sense to replace perhaps the board report with the employee hub, something like this.

1:02:35 - A L
  Or just focus on like, know, because I think, you know, if we're thinking about like despite dates, like we're a month away, we just even go like, what would we be happy with that we can be done by like November, December 19th, right?  And I would say like, if we can get the integrity hub and employee hub along with the risk management, third-party risk management,  you know, and any kind of that, that would be really good. And then like the board and audit, we can have until like probably January 15th, you know, like, because I don't feel like, because once you have the integrity hub and the employee hub, they can start really working on our platform.  Like the, like, you know, and maybe the audit part is important, but like the board reporting, we could always do that manually and grab it and send it, you know, without it.  So that's not as important, I would say immediately, but that can go into like January timeframe or like February, like as we move forward.  Got it.

1:03:41 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Cool. So yeah, I understand the rationale behind it. I think it makes sense. So between this stuff, would you still keep it in disorder or would you prefer, this goes to everyone?

1:03:54 - A L
  probably prefer employee hub first because they will want to see how it... tax their employees, you know, like companies never want to take up their employees time.  So if you're going to be able to show that it's like a cool thing, that would be good. That probably takes more priority than that.  But I would say like third, like, like, these for the new stuff, like third party risk management and risk management and the settings, that's pretty key to have that by December 15th, because that's like, because after December 15th, this development team isn't going to have anything to develop unless we give them those.  Does that make sense? like, but like, but those are a lot of those already done, right? Those like, you know, so those parts, like, so there's kind of like, how do you follow up on the stuff that eggs already did just to make sure that those are ready by the middle of December, because they need to start working on them in that period.  And then, and then like, and then what can be built? What can we else can we have ready so that they can also like, like part of it?  Because we do have some designs. audit and board reporting are totally plain. Employee hub, have a design, integrity hub, we kind of have a design.  They're not really deeply thought through, but we do have a design. But I'm also happy for you to also totally rethink those too.  So it's yeah. But I think it's fine because as long as they have the back end, the front end won't matter as much if we want to redesign it, they just need to connect them.  But that's kind of the thinking. Got it.

1:05:27 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So it seems to me that the best thing for us to do right now on this side is to just give you a cleaned up version of this document considering what we've discussed right now.

1:05:45 - A L
  yeah, I think I think we have the next week or so I guess you guys will spend more time over like the next week, like going through the existing processes, right?  That's kind of the main key. So if we meet next week, then like if we meet in like one week, you'll be like, OK, I have gone through the three different ones and I've made notes on what needs to be changed.  And then the question is, is it next week, then you spend more time on like if we say like this week, you guys go through all of the flows, make notes, whatever.  Next week, you kind of split up between third party risk management and risk management or like around that just to see or like do the analysis or something as part of that.  And then after that end of the number, you start working on the employee. I'm not sure how you guys want to split it up, but maybe like to help us to know like what are the timeline and like, you know, by this date, you feel comfortable.  You'll have like, I have looked at this and you've done this by this date, you feel this and that.  Is that just like the start and end? that kind of your following then? Yeah, that's how we're following it.

1:06:50 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  But based on the conversation we just had right now, maybe some things need to be made more clear. But yeah, but that's how we're thinking about it.  Okay. Yeah, the best way to communicate is to you. mean, do you have a favorite format or documents? We have a slack and we can talk there.

1:07:08 - A L
  guess my my thing is like just looking at this because some of the dates like Yeah, like now now, you know, number 12 and number 16 are the same, right?  So it kind of needs to like update You know, I think that needs to update to see like what what the hours because then maybe you don't line 16 and line 12 is Actually correct, right?  So but so I think if you update that and then descend it then we can have a kind of a discussion On on that But I think it makes sense based on what I hear is like you guys are going to do this heuristic analysis on our tool so far like This week and maybe you know part of next week and then and then and then after or like during the same time you'll start thinking about I guess my question is like when the way it says 11 14, which is this week.  I think Um, if you're gonna if you're gonna look at like employee hub, right? So you probably need a conversation with  us around the employee hub like on line 20 like 20 you know it says like yeah we might need a new conversation on that on the employee hub but I think before we get into that before we we schedule the conversation I think it would be useful for us to you know check what we have and list our questions because we we just inherited this this dates from the previous thing which was the board reporting I think yeah that's fine I just can't on the 14th and the 15th I'm kind of busy so if we are to have a follow-up call on that we can do it on the 13th and that's okay I could do it like three or four p.m.

1:08:42 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  yes probably okay three four p.m. so I think I work one hour after you in Portugal yeah okay I'm blocking it but I'll check with

1:09:03 - A L
  I'll put it there, I'll just block like before for that, okay, just have it in my calendar. Okay, great.  Then just come back to us, I guess, if you have any questions, but you have, you guys have all the access to all of this stuff, right?

1:09:17 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  yeah, we got access from Ivan as well to the, to the demo. And then you have access to the Miro stuff from Rui.

1:09:27 - A L
  Yeah. Yeah, that will have the Miro, the full access to the Miro, access to the Figma, it's so good.

1:09:33 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, sounds good.

1:09:35 - A L
  Okay. Okay, thank you. We'll get back to Thank you.

1:09:39 - En Abdulahu (fortifai.co)
  Later today.

1:09:40 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  All right, perfect. Thank you.

1:09:42 - A L
  Okay, thank Bye.

1:09:43 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Bye. Bye. Bye.

1:09:47 - En Abdulahu (fortifai.co)
  Bye. Bye. Bye.