---
title: Impromptu Google Meet Meeting
date: '2024-11-27T13:03:45.000000Z'
duration: 15m
participants:
- João
source: https://fathom.video/calls/189206358
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:37:51.937844+00:00'
---

Impromptu Google Meet Meeting - November 27
VIEW RECORDING - 37 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/q3yN3j75SyS5ydU1RC3cT_xJ6jGrMRnr

---

0:10 - Ivan Ćelić
  So basically what I want to have to sync is currently I have no idea what's the plan for the design, it just didn't sync and I don't know what's the plan so I would we are planning development okay we have most of the designs ready but I would like to discuss some things that I'd like to also be addressed in the design doesn't have to be tomorrow but some somewhere along the way but yeah how are you progressing what's what the plan did you where you at?

0:48 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay so can I share my screen with you so I'll just give you a an initial overview of where we are and then I can show you some deliverables, okay.  And also it's good that you said this because we've been interfacing mostly with Abby and now that I'm talking to you maybe yeah it's clear that I think we should be more proactive in sending this stuff to everyone else.

1:24 - Ivan Ćelić
  yeah I mean at least I need to be included or at least one person from technical side because I'm also I would also like to you know because current design I'm not also 100% happy with the current state of the Figma and design so I'd like to also address that some time basically so yeah let's let's please continue yeah okay got it got it so are you familiar with this am I showing you something you've seen before no never okay cool so this is how we've organized this stuff and I'll just give you a quick overview of how it is there's three

2:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  X components, journey review, new journeys, right? So this is the zero to one stuff they all and the other stuff is based on what is already existing, right?  So the first track it's already done and there's some files on Figma I can show you and I can send the links as well.  But basically we went through the stuff and checked for inconsistencies and basically Abby said look I know that eggs did as good a job as they could in the time frame but they were so fast that maybe something slipped under the radar and I'd like you guys to check it out.  So we did that and then we also went into a more instead of just checking like oh are the buttons consistent and stuff like that we went into does the flow make sense do we understand what's happening and stuff like that which is the second track okay and we've made some recommendations.  relations on that so basically this the situation like our our reading of the situation is this you guys have developed quite a bit of stuff you're developing a lot more stuff and if we want to make suggestions that are practical we need to balance speed and the alpha the delta between what it is and what it could be right we don't want to suggest things that are way too crazy and would take the development backwards okay okay so that's our our our ammo on this and we've already done the employee portal workshop at the time and I apologize because we were assuming that it could be like Abby and Anne and Anne was traveling yeah it's fine I mean they discussed about reducing the meetings because we have a push a little bit more context on the side we have a push out on the in the December to complete controls risk assessment and

4:00 - Ivan Ćelić
  third-party management so complete all three of those in December which would be a bit challenging but I think we can manage so that's why we are basically reducing the meetings and everything but still I think at least one person me or maybe Mustafa when he comes back needs to be needs to be familiar with needs to be present on those meetings that's my personal opinion why because it's always important to include that stuff in the discussions okay one thing is to discover the product how the pros should go but once once you gotta get into the details maybe we can suggest something that's easier and you don't mind if it's a option or B option and a is much simpler than B so I think in those cases or at least we don't have to be in meetings maybe we need to review the final thing but I guess you also plan that so please please continue then we can discuss okay to me it makes a lot of sense I fully agree with you and I think we can correct that so we've had a workshop and we've made suggestions on the employee

5:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  portal and I don't think we've seen that so I can show you that as well and I've also done a quick workshop on the integrity hub and we are now in the process of making the suggestions of how to make the integrity hub right because this is a more the input portal is not as zero to one as other things because you have more stuff but the idea was to design some other aspects of it okay and the other haven't started on this and the board reporting neither so when we look at the time frames and I can send you the link to this let me just make a list of all the links I need to send yeah project please use the design channel I think that's that's fine because then then whoever is in there can see this and channel okay okay yeah okay yeah I always prefer channel communication

6:00 - Ivan Ćelić
  It's not like I'm calling out on someone, it's just that someone who maybe knows something can see us talking and say, oh, I got an idea, or this cannot be, or something like that.  So I prefer always channeling, of course, if that's okay for the, Yeah.

6:16 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It makes sense to me. And I feel a little bit silly for not having done that and having relied on email.  I know you're not hitting on my fingers. So this is basically the chrono, and today we are at the 27th, so we are here.  And to give you a sense of what we have, we have some variables on this flow, this flows. I think this will be useful for you because you're in that process, right?  And also from your comments and other things you've said before, it seems to me that you do have a good design, so you make good suggestions and you're familiar with the process, right?

7:00 - Ivan Ćelić
  I work with designers, so I know the process, I have no creativity on my own, but I can make suggestions.  Yeah, but there's good practices, best patterns and lessons learned. First of all, I would like to get my game organized at point, because I don't like everything being in one single file, or at least currently it's a lot of stuff that's unused, that's used, that's old, so I'd like that to get organized.  I'd like to also design a theme at some point, because it will make our life easier as developers to have our components properly designed and done, because currently we are also doing a lot of on that.  Since every button can be different now, then we also do that in the code, and then we have both messing the code and the design.  The sooner we do it, the better, that's my point. The time frames and everything, it's tight, but yeah, we need to balance.

7:50 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Got it. So right now, we've... So I will show you all of these stuff just to show you what...  was done so the flow analysis on this we are finishing more flow analysis on the training settings assistance in portals and we have some actual screens and new stuff on the portals and is on the 27 and what we're working on right now is to convert the results of the integrity hub into like a design proposal.  So you have new designs already for or prototypes or whatever for uh oh no sorry you have fidelity okay okay sorry didn't read well sorry my bad no problem no problem uh so i'll shift into figma that's another figma so let me find the right figma you are you're seeing my entire chrome right whenever i change the tabs i see the window not the app on okay yeah i believe this is it okay  So, let me give you some examples. In this group is what we've been doing, okay? And I won't go through the whole thing, but I can just, or if you want, I can go, but maybe...

9:29 - Ivan Ćelić
  How much did the things change from the temperature?

9:34 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  On this thing, there's no changes on this. There's more like, oh, we think here, maybe this, I mean, so this one is a description of what we see.  It is not a prescription of what we think should be done.

9:49 - Ivan Ćelić
  Okay, okay, I understand. One comment I had, I guess it's important, I think I mentioned this, but what we mentioned again, the initial design uses a lot of drawers, a lot of...  of models for displaying new pages. that makes it bit harder for developers. And I really don't think that it's needed maybe that much.  I would like to discuss, of course, if we say that it's needed, we will do it that way. But if it's option A, option B, then let's rather not use it everywhere.  What do you mean by drawers? I'm not sure, right? Oh, in risk assessment, for example, scrolling through it is fine with this one.  Yeah, and so you can see that the page on the right side, so then for the second page, it basically looks like a model, right?  If you zoom in, it has X at the top, right? But it's really weird to me. I don't know, I don't, it's a stepper and it's fine, but everything is a model.  Then we have a bunch of models on the model, the drawer. don't know what we want to call it, but.  I got it, got it, I understand.

10:47 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  put those over the app, so both third-party management.

10:51 - Ivan Ćelić
  So basically every second, the screen is done in this way. And I'm not sure if it has to be drawer, to be honest.  If it doesn't have to, it will make our life much easier. because then because the issue I have with this is also that over this drawer that's over something then we show additional models it's not here because you didn't copy it but in the in the original designs you have a file upload over it you have confirmations and stuff like that over the so we have double drawers double models it's if we can avoid it that'd be great that's my I mean I don't have a strong preference to just matter of making our life easier and if it's fine by you and Abby then perfect if not we will make it work of course but okay okay fine the common ground here yeah but models are a little bit clunky right so I understand your point yeah yeah so these are some you know practical suggestions on the employee portal okay and the yellow thing is just because it's not it's just like notes is a notes

12:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  but i cannot find the oh my god i feel so dumb right now uh i cannot find the way to turn off this it's fine you can so i don't mind okay you can see it i don't worry i'm not i'm not the the figma guy i can use it but not that well so anyway let let me we've made comments all around this to explain what was changed and why we've changed it okay and basically and i think it's really good we're having this conversation our our approach was the following we should avoid creating new components and really crazy experiences so a very concrete example the form for instance the gift and hospitality form and we we just did this to to get a feeling of we didn't do all the forms right so we just this one we had like this idea about the carousel you would hate it because there's a bunch of models and and we were like okay so this is a bunch  components is going to be difficult and it's too focused on the first time user but after you use it once it just gets boring because you only do the whole thing in one go.  So at the end what you see is almost the same thing as it was before we just added like text and changed the the labels so from a design standpoint it looks like we didn't change much but we were thinking about let's keep it let's keep this viable technically viable for the deadlines they have right and we added some stuff like I'm not sure for this because maybe people don't know although it just writes some some wrong number.

13:42 - Ivan Ćelić
  Let me show you something related to the survey I think this is important to save time at least for the MVP so I will send you the link here I will send you the link here this is the library we are using and what what what does that mean yeah  you can open it. So we are using this library to show most of the service, not all of them, but most of the service in our app.  Why? It allows us to easily get a survey builder in the future and also allows us to pick. The downside is we don't style every component current.  We don't have it styled to the detail because we didn't have time. In the future we can. We can style every input, every radio button, every checkbox song.  But for now, go into the demos, go into the demos at the top and all in one demo. Click all in one demo.  Basically, yeah, later. So this is like the survey builder here. some questions. It doesn't matter. And then go into the preview tab.  You can do a bunch of stuff here. Go into the preview tab. Yeah. And then this is the survey.  We styled this already. So we have this in our app, this preview part only. So this is what we have in our app.  And we styled it to fit the design just a little bit. So what I'm suggesting is to keep it as similar to that as possible for the MVP.  In the future, I have nothing against building our own different layouts and stuff like this. But point being, also an important thing regarding the design here.  You can play with this server builder designer tab at the top. Whatever you can do with this designer, we can easily do in the code.  No, left on the left side. So whatever you can build here, this tool is pretty good. I would say advanced.  You can move layouts, you can have questions next to questions. You can have different pages then go through the pages.  You can have conditional questions. You can show or hide questions based on the previous answer. There's a bunch of stuff in here.  It's a lot to unpack immediately, so don't worry about it now. But the point is, we are using this and we'll use for most of this service.  Why? Because in the future... want to enable our users, our companies that are using this to build their own service and this way we can have it very easily.  So point being whatever can be done in this, we can do in the design but if something is maybe too custom then it will be hard.  So feel free to ping me when you will be working on servicing more detail, feel free to ping me I can help you with this and help you what we can or cannot do or it's simple or not.  Also of course the big question are you designing for the MVP or are you designing for the post-MVP phase?  That's also key thing to know because in that sense we I think we need to change how we approach things.  But I would say the MVP design is more or less complete. I think what you will be suggesting and everything that's my impression is that that will be improvements in January and forward because we have a goal to achieve end of year beginning or January and after that I think we'll have a bit more breathing room and then we'll have  Hopefully, time to do these updates and everything, so that's it.

17:05 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, let me repeat back to you what I've heard, so you can correct me if I understood wrongly, okay?  So the development team has enough clarity on the things that are missing for the MVP, so you have enough design stuff, nothing to...

17:28 - Ivan Ćelić
  90%, nothing to block you.

17:30 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And this means that it's probably better to be more audacious with the design, because we don't need to keep the design so tight to what already exists, because...

17:47 - Ivan Ćelić
  Yeah, I don't know what to say there. It's up to you and Abby to decide, basically. I would like to keep the design as it is, because then everything stays as it is from the technical perspective.  But I would prefer that we also... do some house cleaning before we start moving forward. By house cleaning I would say create a good design system, at least base, we don't have to do the whole design system, but create buttons, inputs, drop downs, models, all that usual stuff notifications, you know, so that we can, so that we can also do that along the way.  I would say because that will make our life easier in the future when we decide to change the color scheme for the equal 45 to blue, then it will be much easier for us in the code and for you in the design, this way it won't.  So I would prefer that, a sort of stigma, go through the existing plots, which I see that you did, go through existing plots and see if there are major issues there, if there are no major issues, then good.  And then we can move on to the new stuff, I would say, I think that's important, but I see that you've been doing good progress there, I just wanted to see if everything is in line.  Regarding development, we will have probably maybe one or two more tasks that we need you to help us with, missing screens, I can tell you later which one those are, but other than that for the December we are mainly covered, it's not  Perfect. It's not as perfect as I would like it to be but it's good enough for this time period.  Yeah, just to Got it. Got it.

19:08 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So Let me think for a second Okay, I think I think I know how to phrase this So I understand that you're using service.  Yes, I didn't know it. It's amazing. I'm thinking about it for other things other projects Very cool. Thank you for showing me and in terms of style I'm So I am I met the design set of things, right?  Yeah, but I'm I'm more I'm not too Me personally with João. I'm not too tied up in like Phone size and stuff like that.  Mm-hmm. So to me it makes perfect sense of just, you know, keep it as close as it is for now and later redo it.  I agree with you, I think we have a similar review on that. So my question is, when I show you this, when you see this screen, we didn't change any of the styles that were in the Figma.  So for instance, if you tell me, oh, this little circle is too big and pink. That's peanuts, I suppose.  So we just added like text because we assume that this doesn't mess too much with styling, right? There's the h1, h2 question.

20:37 - Ivan Ćelić
  Yeah, I think that's fine, yeah.

20:38 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, So okay, so now this is the crossroads that we find ourselves and I'll need your help on this.  We've sent this stuff to Abby and like most of the changes were like either change position, which is easy to do, or just add text or add a button,  only things like that, okay? Or reusing tables or components that you already had, stuff like that. So, but what Abby told us just today, like this morning, she told us, like, okay, I can see that you've made some changes, but I would like it to be more fun and more exciting.  And then we are a little bit, at least for now, because the message just arrived, we need more time to think we're a little bit stumped in the sense that, we think that when Abby says, I want it to be more fun and more exciting, this probably means like a deeper change in design, like really make difference, right?  But we were assuming that by making it really different, we would be creating issues for the development team, because you're on the clock, right?  Yeah. And now, as I talk to you, my understanding is that it's true, you are on the clock. However, you don't have a lot of things missing.  So, these things we are sending you now, they are not for now, they are for January, so in January you'll have more time, so we can go a little bit more crazy on this thing.

22:11 - Ivan Ćelić
  So some things that you design here have been implemented, some haven't been. And the ones that have been implemented, I'm strongly suggesting to everyone to not touch them, because we are on a short notice.  But the things that we will be implementing and that you updated, then it's not a big change or not, know, it doesn't change our timeline, I'm fine with doing that.  So that's the thing. I'm fine with implementing, for example, if you want, so for example employee policy's view is already implemented, so I was just not touching that for now.  Why? Because we don't have time until the end of the year, that's the only reason why. Other than that, I'm welcoming all the changes in all the updates, that's my comment.  So whatever is already implemented, I would strongly prefer not to touch it, just because we don't have time, or let's do it.  in the end of the year if we have time and what we didn't implement and is still in the same scope as the previous one I have no problems with implementing in the new way.

23:12 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay okay for me the logic is very sound very cohesive and what I'm thinking is from a project management perspective what kind of document or what kind of annotation what kind of source of truth can we make that will help us not get lost in this.  And I sense that you like this sort of thing as well.

23:37 - Ivan Ćelić
  To me the more I'm doing this project everything seems like Pigma could be a good source of truth because it's visual so that's a good idea maybe so we can have our Pigma as a source of truth maybe I don't know.  It showed to me that it's usually not bad for having a requirement there because you can add comments you can add you can ask questions directly and you can have lots of things.  and visual ways. for requirements, actually, I like Figma. To be honest, I know that standard stuff is having requirements in documents, in shots, blah, blah, blah, but actually, it's, Figma is useful because we are all visual.  So I would maybe prefer Figma to be source of truth. Let's agree on something and let's, let's put it there.  For example, current source of truth is iteration one page on the Figma above it. Yeah, that's our current source of truth.  This is what we go by when we plan development currently. And if you take a look, for example, at employee portal, we don't have it much of it.  But it's website, I think, somewhere in the policies, the right side of the policies somewhere, think, yeah, I think it's here.  Yeah, that's it. Yeah, that's it. So we don't have much there. I would. So yeah, I would say it's simple, whatever is not implemented.  And it's not much different, not much harder to do than the initial plan. I'm, I have nothing against doing it.  But if it changes things a lot, then, then I would prefer doing it after January, if I need it.  And regarding comments from them to make it a bit more fun. I agree, but also we have to think, we should include her also into the discussion, but I think it's also important to not do the things from the beginning for the third time, because then that would be third time doing the design, and I don't think we should do that at all, so we should just try to pivot.  I know it's not easy, I understand, but let's discuss, let's see what we can do, I'm open for that.  So yeah, I know it's a lot of information now and we are going all over the place, so... No, but this is necessary, you are so right of asking these calls.  Yeah, so basically, I would like to also, I wanted you to know what the current goal of the development team is, so that's also important, because we need a couple of screens, but I don't see that as an issue, but the current goal of development screen for the December is to finish risk assessment, third party management controls.  So those are the three chapters you can see here in this stigma, and that's the goal for... uh for development team to complete it.  Are you a more pro developer? Yeah, I'm I'm that we have a joint account and then someone else is probably looking at the designs now for my team but that's us and I was leaving comments asking questions so on so yeah that's all and basically uh what what just to conclude we will be implementing those three chapters and I think we have most of the things but we will probably have a couple of questions maybe some support tasks that you help us for example there should be create policy button in the design somewhere so in the policies yeah we can go at the top uh wait a second yeah no worries I'll comment on myself where's policies policies here yeah yeah and then the homepage of policies which should be the list of policies where it's no left left left the the seconds to call me at that one yeah here we need a create policy button I put one for the abys demo on Tuesday I put just a random button at the bottom  one it was just for demo does nothing but what we need is create policy button and some kind of what happens when you click create policy I mean we can show a model there and enter info and then you click save and it creates policy but let me know what you think and how you how you how you want to proceed and this same same thing needs to be for trainings and communications but it can be the same and it should be the same for now for now it can be the same for policies and communications have text as a content but trainings have PDF as content so that's the only difference between three falls so yeah cool cool I I'm I'm thinking I'm thinking of what's the the next best thing and I have a list things on my mind because I'm thinking of what's what would be the most useful to you

28:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Oh, Ivan and sorry, is Ivan or even even even I'm trying to figure out what would be useful for you even and also for the for the company.  So what I'm thinking is and you can correct me, of course, what I'm thinking is first thing like from the more abstract at level bring more stuff into the Figma and use the Figma as the repository for information.  The second level is somehow the Figma needs to be organized. And I also feel a little bit lost on it.  And I'm a little bit unsure of how to do it because we are arriving at this stage and have less context.  like I can see that it would be very useful. But I also know that if we start moving stuff around, it's going to be difficult.  What I'm assuming is that this would probably be a live call like to organize the Figma cannot be a synchronous I think.

29:05 - Ivan Ćelić
  Yes, I would suggest this for example. Let's start with the new stuff and I think you already did that.  I think the new stuff from what I can see is already organized. You have a different page for different clothes and I think that's already good enough and then the old stuff.  There is no need to do the old stuff now. We don't have that luxury of time unfortunately. So let's keep the new good and old stuff can stay as it is.  We'll manage then at least the new stuff will be okay. But the bigger problem I see here is not the Figma organization.  It's the design system, for example. So who is the designer then? Who is doing the design work in your team?  It's Roméo. Yeah. So I think that when he is adding a button, how is he adding it? it like a component that's being used across the Figma or is it just a single instance?  that thing I would like to be sorted as soon as possible. Of course, as soon as it's reasonable. So you can see that it's imported from SnowUI.  You can see that at the top on the right. So that's OK. But I would like to have in one place, one separate page, all the possible variants of buttons.  That would be perfect for us. Because that's what we could do then. We could copy that into our code.  And then when Homeo comes in and does some kind of design with buttons, we just say button variant and a green size medium.  That's it. Something like that. So that's just an example. But because can you? What about that?

30:40 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Sorry.

30:41 - Ivan Ćelić
  That's it.

30:41 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, that's it.

30:42 - Ivan Ćelić
  But it's not complete. It's missing colors. And it's missing components. I can show you how it looks on my another project to get an impression.  So this is also something that it's not. I would like this to be done. But I understand the time frames.

30:56 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So that's it. you much. you.

31:03 - Ivan Ćelić
  So it's something that I would like to be done, but I understand the time frame, so it's not like something needs to be done tomorrow, but I'd say let's start doing it along the way.  So let's start doing it bit by bit so that in, I don't know, two months time we have something that's my suggestion, you know.  Let me show you quickly just what I mean by that. This is just some other project, hold on, I have to share.  So I think it's in here. Okay, so here, okay, we have different components, but for button because we talked about button.  This is how we have buttons. you have buttons, so you have a large default small button. Okay, these are button groups.  Sorry, this is button. Yeah. So you have different versions of buttons, how they behave, how the button is when it has icon on the left and so on.  Then we put all of this in our code and then once. Once we need to implement it, it's as easy as just telling us it's default version, outlined, and I don't know, the size is...

32:13 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  No, thank you for showing this to me. It's a good standard. I think Romeo is familiar with this sort of stuff, so you will understand.

32:26 - Ivan Ćelić
  Just important, I understand the timeframes, and it's not that we need everything now. We are already working with what we have.

32:33 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Every time you create something new, just make sure it fits.

32:35 - Ivan Ćelić
  Exactly, that will be good, because that way over time we will build the design system, and then in two months we will have something at least, because this way we won't.  But probably Romeo knows a bit more about this, he will probably know what I'm talking about, and then maybe he already has it.  I also don't know big mind details, so maybe already he has it, but I just want it to be visible to the dance.

33:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Perfect. Now, I fully agree with you. right now my dilemma is the following. maybe we can find some way of reaching a middle ground.  How do we balance this founder view from Abby, like I wanted to be more , and the feasibility technical aspects of what you're bringing like I fully agree with you.  And I'm thinking that what we do not want is each side saying a different thing. She's staying in the middle and feeling like, what are these guys doing?  So that's what we do not want. And I get a feeling that this is a little bit about getting to a shared understanding and a shared commitment.  Like, okay, I understand that right now I think we need a common vision for whole thing and common principles, right?  this might involve a call or maybe a document plus a call, something like that. Yeah, it's, it's, it's, I would say it's fine.

34:11 - Ivan Ćelić
  I, I said, I mean, app is, and, and vision is always top one priority. It's just that we need to be smart and, and just try to not go too far from what we currently have, because as I said, there is no point in doing the design over for the third time.  I think that, I mean, maybe it is, maybe there is, but I really don't think it should be done.  by saying what, what, I don't know how to make it more fun or something. I really have no idea there, but I, I would, for example, you can probably create some ideas, but my, my main point is, so I would like to focus on the goals, because that's the main priority.  So currently main priorities, January, like I already mentioned, so to January to fit the risk assessment, the third party management and controls to be done by end of year,  very early January at latest. And if we reach those goals, I'd say we succeeded. Then what's the next goal?  That's a question for Abby. know, and if we know the answer to that goal, then we need to, then once we have goals, we need to discuss what every team needs to do to achieve those goals, right?  So tech team need to do the implementation logically. Okay. Does design team need something to do in December to help them, very little, I would say for now, very little for now.  But in January, the priorities will change. And depending on what's the next goal, I would say that also design work will change.  So I would like to discuss that also with Abby. I can discuss it with her and then we can all jump on some kind of single and go to this stuff.  But I think it's important thing here is to have the bigger picture in mind, because currently we have a short term goal.  And there is probably a big term goal that Abby has in her mind for, I don't know, February or something like that.  it's important that we, so that probably it will be important that you already start working on that temporary goal while we are doing this so that  we have it ready by then. So let's discuss with her and see what's the goal. So for now, we are OK for January goal.  We will probably need you to do those create policy screens, but I don't think that's too much work. You can tell me once you sing between yourself.  And other than that, I think we are fine. Here or there will require you some maybe design updates. But other than that, we are managing.  We are also cutting corners a bit where we can on the design side. design, unfortunately, will not be the same in the real version versus Figma, but 90% similar.  We kicked out some things just to reduce the work amount. But it will still be mostly the same. So yeah, but we can discuss this maybe later.  As I said, I would like to know from Abby also what's the goal after the January so that we know what we expect from you guys.  And also, it's final. in between, like you said, between having something completely hard to implement and something that's what everyone's.  So I would say let's discuss it. I'm fine with both as long as we have enough time and as it's fine as it's in line with their goals.  So yeah, so don't get me wrong. While saying I don't want too much changes, it's more like I don't want them in December for the existing stuff right now because we did the planning and