---
title: Design sync
date: '2024-12-02T14:30:00.000000Z'
duration: 30m
participants:
- João
- Abbey Lin
source: https://fathom.video/calls/190961880
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:36:19.489832+00:00'
---

Design sync - December 02
VIEW RECORDING - 46 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/zQdcH7zHwcJjjcaQtfxpysyd_tjVzk_d

---

0:06 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Hello. Hi. Hello. Hi. I'm just checking if, I don't know if, um, Yvonne is going to be able to join, uh, will be coming soon, I guess.  but yeah, it a, it was an interesting meeting. Yeah.

0:37 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  It says kind of another perspective for a more savvy kind of user. Yeah.

0:45 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  He, he, interesting because he, he kind of wants to get it, um, wants to get it done. And, uh, he's also willing to that right outsource it too.  Um, like just like have somebody totally take it.

0:57 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  So it's just, uh, interesting.

1:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  to get to to see. Hello everyone. I don't know if Ivan's going to be able to join because he had put tentative in the in the meeting but um yeah so I don't know if we should just get started or what your thoughts are.  Yeah I just following up I think Mao had sent me a meeting an email a message over the weekend so I just threw this thing in but do we need Ivan in or like can we do it without him or is it kind of.

1:31 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  I I believe it would be better if we had like the technical perspective because this um this is a a tripartite perspective like you have the business view we have the design point of view and Ivan would have the technical viability view um so it would be to be good if he doesn't come up okay go ahead.  I'll be

2:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  You Even I can join in 15 minutes, so I don't know if it's better that we meet back in 15 minutes Are there any questions that we want to discuss now or about the employee portal or anything like that to do I think I Don't know what about you guys, but I would be nice to go for through that We presented to you on Friday So for us to have a proper feedback or you know more official

3:00 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  You're back because it was just like, okay, I like it.

3:04 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, yeah, we can pull it up and like discuss that for like 10, 15 minutes before Yvonne joins. I might need to leave for my daughter's thing, but I think Yvonne, if Yvonne's the most important, he can join on that then.  Okay, so should I open the stigma?

3:27 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Yes, yes, please.

3:35 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  Yeah, in general terms, we try to, I don't think we were necessarily holding back, but we had lots of ideas and we were trying to present some ideas, but at the same time to be feasible at the time that we are having right now.  But then after your feedback, we said, okay, let's put our. just on the table and then Abby is going to make the decision to go for it or to go for it now or in the future or something like that but this is really understanding everything that just said to us in terms of having a more friendly platform it'll be firm sometimes but you know let's put on the table and see how it goes yeah you know I've all been with the platform yeah there's everybody see my screen yes yes so um let's see a couple of I don't know if you want to see like the flow or like or you want us to explain decisions throughout what's what would you however you want to do it you're pretty flexible got it so like what Mao Mao said we were really concerned about

5:00 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  making this feasible for also the tech team, feasible and practical, right? Everything is possible, some things take longer and trying to bring up the element of fun.  We've also made some other changes which are less about the fun but they're supposed to make things a little bit more clear and easier for first-time users.  We've changed the sizes of these boxes. This one used to be larger, this one used to be shorter, but this one has more variability so we made it larger.  We brought more illustrations into it and there's a lot of opportunity here in the illustrations for not just the fun but also the branded aspect like what kind of illustrations because we've used available illustrations.  We've also brought some Quick numbers on something you can just take a quick pick is with some sort of technical implication.  Yes, human is not complex, but it's a number that needs to be fetched from somewhere. We've also added more details here.  Yeah, like that.

6:18 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah.

6:20 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  The idea was that people don't have to open the forum to then realize. Oh, I know what this is about.  Yeah.

6:26 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Like, could there should it be two rows so gets an entertainment doesn't go off to the side? Or is it like meant to be like a draw a bar that they go right and left?

6:37 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  If it stays cut like this, people usually understand because they're used to this on mobile. They understand that it's kind of scroll like to the right.

6:47 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah.

6:49 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  But again, it's also either narrow or something that leads people to like five more over there because in case they don't see it.  But no, I like it.

6:59 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I like. um the picture on the top but like that it says organized prioritized and complete with ease so it kind of explains why that is there.  I do like the pictures on the top and like kind of that look on it. It just feels really clean.  I think it's smart to put the yeah the explanation so people don't like go there and then go back out so there it is.  So yeah I like this look better.

7:23 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  We've changed some things around names and in policies on policies one of things we've suggested is the big toggle that is on that is to be here on top from for the ESG.  We think it makes more sense the most sense for the compliance officer because they need to track a lot of things.  yeah yeah for employees yeah so you you get it for employees.

7:49 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I like my only thought about this is like and I think we need to see uh is it maybe it shouldn't be called  policies, it should be called content area or something. then, and then you have instead of environmental policies, have like policies, procedures and training, you know, like environmental policies as policies.  then, you know, social things, like, it's like trainings and then communications, because there's not going to be so many policies, you know, like, especially if you think about like, the, the governance that we just met, right?  He doesn't want to do E&S. He only wants to do G. So it actually might more sense to have, you know, the content area that they just need to check off here and find it.  So it's like, so they would have like the policies, training and communications. And then they would just have the different ones there that they would need to check off according to it.  So then they find it.

8:45 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  So instead of the policy, we call it content area or something like that.

8:48 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Or like, yeah, because we have another one called training. I don't know.

8:53 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  That's my only thought, is that not like, like, yeah, one that we met was like, yeah, Cognite, one of the ones that we just saw.

9:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I think I understand, I think I understand your point.

9:05 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  This would be... So let's not troubleshoot this like live, I think, yeah, I get your point.

9:18 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, maybe if we have policies and a training tab on the left, you could almost combine them and just call it content area, which is like what it says in the compliance map.  But the content area is also very vague to employees.

9:29 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Employees will be like, what is content area?

9:31 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So they might not...

9:32 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  So maybe they name it like policies, trainings, communications, but it's all in one.

9:36 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So then you don't have to... Then they don't have to go to two, one for policies and then click the next one, training.  It's just like everything they need to know is there. I'm not sure, but that was just the... So that's my thing is not everyone's going to do ESG at once.

9:48 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  yeah. So we are certain that we should not organize these around ESG. We are not certain around which taxonomy we should use, right?  It's two different... Okay. Let me just do it right then. Fathom, not take care of this. So my forums, well, you recognize these elements.  We've inverted the order, basically. And we've made some changes here in the way the forums are presented. Yeah, I like that, but yeah, I think that's great.

10:38 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  What do you like the most about this?

10:40 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  I think it breaks it down, so you're not going this really long thing.

10:44 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  And then you got to see what you need to do, and it makes more sense.

10:47 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Like, why are you doing this? You're telling them about the party, and then like the other party.

10:51 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So I like this one. Yeah, instead of just like there, and then one long list, it feels a little bit like more managed.

11:00 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  typical, I would say.

11:02 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Okay.

11:03 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  So this one is familiar. I don't think we changed much here. This one, we just, we did a little bit of default kind of the heuristic recommendations for these sorts of things, like common questions people have is, can I close this thing?  Is it done? So it's a success. Everything is done.

11:21 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  And now you can do other things. And we thought about those situations where you might have, you know, multiple forms to submit.

11:29 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  So you don't need to go back to the beginning. Yeah, I think I like that.

11:34 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I think my only thought is like, should we use big Lumina more into this, or use more cartoons, or like different things, or like a generic, just to make it stand out more, like, you know, versus like a generic, like one that another companies can use.  So that's my only thing. I kind of like, you know, if you go back to the first one that you showed, um, like that guy, you know, that, whether that's fortifier, like some like, that picture of the guy with the whatever.  with the pencil like something like like if we decide to go that route then have more of that in there if we decide to go the Lumina route then more Lumina in there but like kind of have that consistent like kind of drawing whatever that is throughout that ties it together um there I'm like thinking like we need to rethink the logo too because I'm not sure the logo matches so I'm also happy to change the logo to match whatever design you guys have I think you know but yeah I liked it when you guys put legs on the you know the Lumina guy I think he looks better with like arms but okay so but I quite flexible and that yeah yeah yeah so there's um there's a lot of opportunity there in terms of how to create a visual language that not only addresses these things but we'll also give you some autonomy in the future for like oh there's a new section that we never thought about but we have a certain kind of illustration that would fit here and just works and makes everything better yeah

13:04 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  From that perspective, in terms of the illustration, think, Mao please correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe that we can make recommendations and so on, but for this stage probably it's more like a drafty thing and it's something that's easy to iterate upon and just develop as it goes.  Okay, pull out so you can select anything that you want to go back into.

13:41 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  Yeah, I think we are happy with this result, especially when we have the opportunity to make the platform be more conversational.  That's what the first screen is, it's a conversation. should that we study and you are showing what's going on and what to have to do.  So that was our main objective and strategy to design that. from here, I think we can go further in some other screens as well.  I said, the final screen can be more related with it. It can tell a story, actually. We can develop this kind of narrative about where you are starting and how you are finishing and then make this connection and could be a visual connection and could be through illustrations or even no copywriting and everything.

14:40 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  So that's the whole thing about the experience itself.

14:44 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  It's adding another layer of experience on something that is very procedural. Let's put that away. Yeah. So my question here, I don't know if you have one more time to go through this, but for the next  a journey that we are going to develop. Do you want us to continue on this design concept? How can we continue working here?

15:12 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  What do you think?

15:14 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I like the look and the colors and the clean lines that you have. Even the 15, 4, and 8, I think that looks really cool in terms of it still keeps the theme, but it's very modern, a little bit more modern in a way, but still kind of fun.  I think incorporating that or the picture of guy on the left on the different areas, and I like the idea when you say conversational, because I feel like even if you think about our controls page, I'm a little bit concerned about that one.  I can show you on my screen here. Because I don't think we have been conversational enough. If you think about here, control setup.  Like you suddenly you go from compliance map, and then you go into this, right? Like it's like it's so overwhelming like the actual the first page of the control should actually look like what you had You know with employee portal and like, know front ones like what is conflict of interest?  What it you know, we just go straight into this and go into that like it doesn't make sense you know like I would say so it's like some of some of those I think like We need to think about When we go and the same thing maybe even like yeah, maybe you know you go into policy and procedure And suddenly we're here like do people even know what a third-party management policy is you know like do we need to rethink?  Like the entrance pages on a lot of these possibly to make our sense We were doing it so like this maybe this should be the second page You know or something but that was I kind of my my my feeling like When I Yeah, same the same thing like I'm gonna find that I can't find it  there, but like, yeah, when you go straight into it, I think we kind of have it too much of like, too many lines, but I like you did the employee portal one, like that conversation, like you just throw someone in here, they'll be like, what is this expenses, you know, what is whistleblowing, you know, they're, they were missing something, I think, and I don't think I realized that we were missing it until like, I saw what you had made for the portal, and I'm like, oh yeah, like this is, we are missing this for a lot of the other ones, you know, like it, that, that explanation of what they're actually doing, if we really want to make it to like, the subject matter experts don't know, you know, they can start from scratch or doing that, throwing them directly into like, here's all the controls, it doesn't really help them, right?  So that's like, kind of, so in terms of like, answering your question, I don't like, you know, the next few designs, which ones are they and shall we have integrity hub and was it risk?  Yeah, exactly. But thinking about that into as you draw it up as a new person, would I understand the suddenly going down the line?  I feel like with risk assessment third party, least we go step one, step two. But I feel like it can be designed better.  Maybe it's actually better step one, step two across that way versus everything going down. It can be designed a little bit differently.

18:25 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  But that would be my only thought.

18:28 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I like the direction you guys are heading. I feel like we were just going so fast with eggs, like just get the content in towards designers ever.  And they were thinking like, OK, well, OK, great. Now we have the content, but actually, how do we visualize it in a way that actually makes sense?  I think that's where you guys can come in. And I think we were just so like, how do we get this risk?  we don't even know if these processes are working on some of these. We're just trying to get it down.  But yeah, you guys are able to kind of take a step back and say, OK, is this the right way?

18:56 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Do I understand that's a new becoming in here?

18:59 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Do I have the answer? Information that I need or what other information do I need to be able to feel comfortable with this process moving forward?  I think that's yeah There is yeah, so we have an agreement here.

19:11 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  You're gonna develop Risk assessment and oh Yeah, the second journey, oh my god We have this risk assessment and try to intend it to her.  So we are gonna go in the same visual concept in direction and user experience and then you deliver to you those three and then you make the decisions that you how you were gonna follow that or how It's continue or not.

19:41 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So It's more about your decision Yeah, I like the direction that you're you're going and maybe like Ivan's just joining now But you can maybe show him the employee portal that you just showed me, but I like that direction I would continue it on your other ones, but then I think eventually we might need to go back to like controls like  are on and then add some more graphics to make it make more sense. But I like the direction that you're heading with the employee portal there, and the look and feel of it.  So we can do that.

20:12 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  But now, Yvonne's on the call.

20:16 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Hi, Yvonne.

20:17 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  Yeah. Hello, Yvonne.

20:19 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I'm probably going to have to jump off and I can join on my phone afterwards. I just need to pick up to my daughter's or my son's event.  But do you need me on it or is it mainly Yvonne that you wanted, you wanted?

20:33 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  I think ideal would be everyone.

20:36 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  maybe you just use this time.

20:38 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Use overlap time just to show Yvonne the employee portal. Yeah, and I can join on my phone. I just need to be driving.

20:45 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I can't be at my desk.

20:46 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  yeah, so that's fine. And that's at 4.30 here. So I'll share my screen now. Yvonne. Hello, everyone. So for a little bit of context, we took a peek at the Game Boy portal, and this is like the V2 of what we had in mind.  Abby nudged it as suggested us to explore how to make it a little bit more fun, but also to keep it feasible and practical in terms of components and elements already have, and these are some of the ideas.  So some of the elements are basically the same, and we added some illustration. We do have this sort of at-the-glimpse summary of these things, which we understand this is a new sort of components.  We have to see our feasible pieces for you guys. it is almost the same from a component perspective, just as the time estimation.  This is a hard code, it's not, yeah, and some text explains what the person will find behind this thing, right?  This will change, but our basic idea was to just have people be able to see every pending task in terms of policy, every policy that they would have to sign up on at a glance without having to use filters on a table, because our assumption is whenever you have filters and people are not using the platform all the time, some people will not realize that there's a filter on, and if they don't see something, they think it doesn't exist, so we just wanted to show everything at once.  This will probably change most likely, this will change because maybe organizing it across the ESG. super relevant because there will never be so many of them that just I like three different.

23:07 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I would just say because we have we're just talking with awkward biomerane and they only want to do good G so they like so then it doesn't make sense to have that there and I've been also thinking overall like we have to almost actually well you guys are here over the weekend I was thinking like if you think about our we just had some more pilot calls and some pilots some pilots like I just want this as a work tool like kind of like on like a workflow tool you know and I want to be able to add what I want to add whatever and that's a workflow tool.  Others want I want the E I want the ISO 14,001 and then the other ones like I want the 37,001 but they how do I say it's like almost like but the framework is still very much similar like you know still risk assessment policies procedures whatever it's more the content is different and almost in the entrance like point when like they sign up can they select I want you know 30 like I'm only and Danta does this right like it's one of these do you want you want 37,001 do I'm 14,001 whatever  and then when you say you want whichever they set up the system so it's automatically pre-filled with you know this ISO and with this ISO and almost maybe we need an entrance page like this do you only want the workflow then you only get the workflow with no ISOs if you own on 14,001 here's all the pre-populated policies trainings and controls if you want you know for you know 37,001 here's the policy you know in there so maybe there needs to be like a way to make it because it's still like it's more the content the structure is still the same but the content will be different depending on which one they pick but um yeah so that was just one something but I don't know if it uh yeah so this design might need to change a little bit I guess is but I like it when I was saying I like that kind of the pictures and the look and feel of that you know and I like if you look on the right where the questionnaire is I really like how they did the questionnaire so it's not one one big thing on the questionnaire it's like three it's like tell us about the gifts you know and then it's about the party and that it's a lot more like pedagogical in the way it's not just like one listen then set  going down. So I kind of like that aspect of it too. But I think that we can kind of fix this later.  think, you know, or I don't know, Yvonne, what you think, like, you know, we haven't done the controls yet.  it better to do it that way or just wait and then come back? This one, for example, yeah, for controls.

25:17 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  for this one, I think the service for the MVP should stay the same for the MVP just to save time.

25:22 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  But later we can investigate how we can incorporate this. It's We just need to do a bit of investigation of how to achieve this step again, everything.  So yeah, that's it.

25:36 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Great, but should we go into like the tech Come again?

25:44 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Yes, great.

25:49 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So yeah, what were you saying, Abby? No, as I say, now we can go to the tech ones that I think I wanted to have a sink with you.

25:58 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  we go to that, but it might switch to my

26:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  phone as I drive to the next one, but I can join like your phone there so you can just go there.

26:08 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  So basically, Ivan, I think this is what we've discussed, is having some time to... Is Evie already on the other channel?  No, I'm here, yeah. So having some time and perhaps recurring time to make sure we are... Everyone is aligned on business design and the technology aspect, right?  So we've had this conversation last week, Ivan and I, we spoke about a few things and let me... I'm looking at the list now, I'm just prioritizing quickly.  So Ivan mentioned like stuff that they need to design, they need designs, which is a great policy, the button plus the flows, create comms, the button plus the flows, create the training.

26:58 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  And just to be sure...

27:00 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  The development goals for now are the start of January to have risk assessment, third party, and controls. And we also had a question about this development sprint.  It's more than a sprint, feels, but it's really intense. This push, this development push for now is for the MVP, to have something that works to show clients to get feedback and so on.  And the question Ivan brought up, which I think is very, very valid, is are we, like the design team, the Brazilians, designing for the MVP that is being developed or the post MVP, our understanding on the design team is mostly the post MVP because things are getting more different than what they used to be.  But we need to check this with Abby and have this shared understanding of that decision. So my question, in simple terms, Abby, when we design these things that are a little bit more different from what's being developed, is it okay if these things will be developed after this push that people are working on right now?  Yeah, I think so. I think we have to do that.

28:21 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  can't go off track. I guess my question is how much off, if you look at the forms, that new form design, if we go in and do the controls and say, okay, we're going to the controls, and then January, there's a feeling like, does it slow it down, we should have just done this and taken that extra time in the beginning, or is it better like, okay, we have everything and then we just update it?

28:47 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Form typically no, but for other stuff, I don't know, depends on the case, depends on the page and depends on the stuff.  We will definitely spend more time because we'll do some things, we'll have to rewrite some things, and of course, depends on  design depends on the functionality. So it depends. But in theory, in general, it will take us a bit more time if we go back over some existing pages and have to redo them.  suggestion was what, I'm not suggesting, but what I was discussing with Rao is basically if we should just push out all the MVP features and then go back and redo the design and stuff like that.  That's a question that I wanted us all to discuss, you know, because after the end of December, after this goal that we have, we still have some auditing, reporting, and there's worth, right?  Something like that.

29:34 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Three or four more parts we need to do.

29:37 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So it's now a question if we should just push and finish all of those so that we can say to everyone we can start polishing on an app and we can say, hey, we have everything now in one app.  We can start selling it like that. Or maybe that's not relevant. Maybe it's more important that we go back to the existing stuff and update the designs to be a bit more fresh, to be a bit more fun and so on.  So that's an question, I would say. Yeah, I'm just wondering, like, you know, because we haven't done controls yet, right?

30:03 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So it's like, okay, can we like, if we haven't done controls, it's not going to change, you know, too much, then we just do it like right the first time, you know, but part of me is like, I think that, like for us, it's like, we need to be able to show that we have something developed by the end of December.  So it like, for me, it's like, we kind of stick with the plan unless it's not going to change that much difference, you know, like if we're going to update it anyway, you might as well update it like the right way.  But I do think that there is going to be some reiterations that we're going to have to figure. Part of me is like, once it down on paper, when we put it down on paper, down into the app, because then we actually click on it, and then we can actually see where it's not working, and we need to draw it, right?  Until we actually have it in the app. Yeah, you get feedback. I would say that like, we still, like, for the Brazilian design team to continue as, you know, some of the missing parts that we're missing, like, know, we're missing management, we're missing audit trail, but

31:00 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  know if you guys have time then to go back to the ones and be like ideal you know how would it look like I told you guys earlier you know jumping suddenly into controls I think that's a little bit weird because I would like to get that fixed relatively soon you know after that big push that we have so it's um I think that would be like kind of the way if that makes sense I don't know Jel does it make sense I think so I just want to restate it to make sure we are all in the same okay so we agree that for the development push I mean I'm just asking these questions here but not leading the the meaning right so so there's a shared understanding that for this development push it's on the stuff that's already designed and we want to be we as 45 want to be ready for after the development push to have stuff to go and just fine tune to make it more according to these newer funner  design, is this how we see it?

32:03 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, I think so, but I think as you do the stuff that hasn't been developed, like integrity hub or like management or reporting, then you just do the design that you would have done anyway, because you keep that in track.  I think that the design team right now is already having such a short deadline that they need to kind of just continue moving on.

32:25 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  That's what I also mentioned basically when I talked, so I'm fine, for example, for the next month if the controls will be similar time, if it will take the similar time to do the newer version or different version of controls, I have no, I don't mind us doing that, it's even better, we will do that.  But if it is a bit longer, I would prefer them to do what we agreed on just to meet the deadline, because deadlines are really, really tight right now, so I would just not touch the existing things if we don't have to, that was my comment there.  Yeah, I agree. Also, we will need to have that create flow soon.

33:09 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  I would like to have it soon.

33:11 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  It's not like we are blocked, but I'd like to have it as soon as possible. So can we also talk about when could we have it?  Just around rough estimate or something when do you think? We can go into more details if needed, what exactly do we need?  So I'm thinking here.

33:29 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Because what we are designing right now is and this is why this meeting is important for negotiating this stuff.  what we were designing right now is the integrity hub and the point portal for the mobile version and the risk assessment.  But all of this stuff is like zero to one stuff, right? And what you've mentioned before is you need our help in creating designs for what's missing.  for the stuff that is already being developed. So the first question is for Fortify, for Abby, can we move these things around to create space for the development team?

34:18 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  What things around?

34:20 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  So for now our work plan is based on, and I can share it here, for now our work plan is based on mostly zero to one stuff, the closest things we have are mostly things that don't exist yet.  I think why portal, which is not exactly zero to one, because there's something, the integrity hub, the audit, and the board's reporting, right?  But all of these things are new, there's nothing there. What Ivan is bringing up, which is super important, is like there's stuff that is already being developed that we want to be able to show people at the end of January.  but they need some elements that were not designed before and given that we are the design team, I believe that what Ivan is asking is like, can you guys, can you design team, just fix these things that are missing from the current development push?

35:18 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Just create page for now.

35:20 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  So we need a button in the form for now. That's it.

35:24 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  And it can be same for all three because their pages are same for now. That's all we need for now.  So the flow is click a button, some form opens up and you edit the form. can discuss more details if you want.  I'm not trying to say it.

35:40 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So I'm just thinking out loud right now because as we talked to the pilots, a lot of them are not eager, like what's eager, like the rest of them are not.  Like the reporting and audit stuff, like that doesn't need to come out even for like until like February or March time point just because they need to do everything else.  So my thought is what if. I think the playport on Gregory Hub is important, but instead of audit or reporting that the develop that the the team is, they work instead on redesigning or updating the design for like policies, procedures, controls so that when you guys get the, you know, MVP version by December, then you guys can use January to kind of update the designs that they had made in those to make it cleaner and more usable.  And then we go to the reporting and the audit part.

36:34 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  OK, I'm fine with that as long as that month is enough for us to do it. I'm fine with that.  We can talk about it once I see the designs. That's that's fine by me, although I'm not sure if that's the key question is do we first need to get the features out?  Is that the key or is to make them look good? Because there is always there will always be improvements to be made.  So it's another question of what's the priority? I think that's for you and the team to answer. And if the answer is we need to have it nice, then I'd say okay, and I would confirm it after I see the new design, and then I can confirm and say to okay, January is enough for us to redo all that stuff in the new.

37:12 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, and I think part of me is like, I guess it's like, I'm not convinced that we have, even our MVP is all the way thought through, know, Yvonne, you like you saw how Pinar and and they work like they're like, you know, but and we're working off of that.  And that's fine. And that'll give us like a barely functioning thing that works. But if we're actually going to try to implement it in January on some of it, they might expect a little bit more, you know what I mean?  And like, whether or not, you know, like the Brazilian team can, you know, help clean that up by looking at to look at what are the missing flows in, especially in the controls part of the policies, procedures and trainings, just to like clean up that flow that you guys have, you know, you've done the quick and dirty in December to get something out.  then now like, you know, is the kind of refinement that actually could

38:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  can use it and it's not going to be as you know as uh we thought through it a little bit more on the yeah I would like to just answer the question from Zhao if I can have a correct me if I'm wrong but the answer would be Zhao yes because that's the priority if we want to have create policies flow I think it's priority that you guys take a day or two or however I don't know tell us how much time you would need for that and and do it because I'd say we need to do it we need to have that create custom policy flow so I would say that's a priority this month because that's required to have in December is that correct Abby or not you're muted Abby if you are speaking oh sorry I don't think it's required by December but it will be required by January like when we I if we actually want to test it we all would need it you know what I mean like so if I tell that if I tell like the investors that it's there like I don't think that's going to be given if there's no policy section

39:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  And then we're screwed in December, but I think create custom.

39:04 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  yeah, create.

39:05 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah. The create customer needs to be done by January by the time we start actually piloting with the customers that will need to be done, but it doesn't need to be done by December 30th, not necessarily, but maybe by January 16th.

39:14 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  That's I say that's irrelevant. I would say that's irrelevant. That's similar to me. So I would say we still need designs for that.  That's my so my my answer job for my side is I think that's priority regarding the, for example, auditing design or something else that can be done.  Couple of days that can be done later because of this. So to me, it sounds like yes. Got it.

39:41 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  So the button and what happens after we click the button?

39:45 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yes, you ping me if you need more details, but it should just be like since you can edit and you can edit the current policy.  So we need just same same information to create a new policy. You need a title and content.

39:57 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  That's it for stands and everything after this will stay the same weekend.

40:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  We can think about how we can make it less The less the least amount of work for everyone right now and then later once you will redesign the whole flow We can think about how to do it in different ways.

40:11 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Okay, so It is clear to me that we should focus on that before we do more zero to unstuck Final question the great policies plus the flow It's a lot it really it's how can I say this Okay, so we've been participating in this pilot meetings right and the pilot meetings are being useful for us to understand how people think about these things right and they think about these things in different ways and for some of them they expect a certain level of detail for others less it's it's enough and Creating custom policies see  used to be the sort of thing that invites a lot of entropy into the system. Some people will not know how to create a policy, they will create poor policies.  I'm not saying we shouldn't design that flow, but it adds a deep effect on top of how the platform is perceived.  It becomes more complex, right? Because it's customizable.

41:25 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I think we have to have it customizable though, because not every company is 100% the same. So we have to build in that future.

41:32 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Got it. Understood. Makes sense. Okay. So on my side, think all the questions were answered.

41:42 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Okay, so let me know if you need help with that and let me know when can we expect it just so that I know how to plan the tasks and development for the others.  And yeah, that's it. Regarding anything else on the existing flows for December, I don't see any more work other than that for now.  as far as I'm concerned, all All the three flows can be the same, at least for now for the initial version.  let's try to reduce also the work on that because you will probably do it all over again in January or whenever.  we can maybe just add something quickly so that it looks nice and follow the exact workflow like current one.  So yeah, ping me if you need more help there and that's it. And Abby also had something to think about.  Think about if it's really, I know it's nice to have this new design which looks better and more vibrant, but think if it's better to have features delivered rather than going over the existing things and then once we have it, then going over.

42:41 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Because my feeling was the company actually needs features rather than because looking nice is what we will attract people.  Maybe think about it. No, like so I already know kind of the answer to that. Like by December, we have to have a minimum viable product.  We need to have something. But we don't make expectations on that, but in order for it to sell it or for the pilots to use it, which is like the next step, right?  Think about our deadline is like investors need to show that we deliver on time on something, right? That's number one.

43:14 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Presume next step right after that is that we're going to be able to convert the pilots that are there to a tool, and then we'll need that second part by then.  You know what I mean?

43:24 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So we have like an immediate deadline that we need to be able to meet, which is what you're trying to like, you know, scramble and why we've gotten more people for that.  So I agree with you. It's like we do like the lowest but just also know right around the horizon is that we might need to clean it up.  And I think to have the design from the brazilian team certainly know ready for when we need to clean it up in january is a good thing.  You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, okay. I was just wondering on the priority.

43:49 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So they will next what will you will will you guys work on next? Will you do the other features like auditing and whatever is left?

43:56 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  My thinking now after talking with the pilots and looking at it

44:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  at the design I think it's better if they clean up if they because the reporting and the auditing won't come into like they don't want to need that function until March or April right so I would rather ask January February cleaning up you know the most important parts of the design you know like fixing that making it look really nice and then doing that so I'd rather their focus be on maybe not management or reporting but actually maybe cleaning up some of like you know the controls and policies and procedures so we can we can you know have like a not a dirty version you know like by the end of January okay you know does that make sense with you guys Mao Zhao Romeo I think so yeah yeah yeah no no yeah I think it's a very important conversation right now because you know it's it's hard when you have to make some decisions and they seem all important we need just we need to sell

45:00 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  to in order to sell the two people in need to understand how it works. But if it looks good, it can sell also.  I think it's, I don't know exactly the term in English, it's a decision kind of, I forgot the word, but basically I think we have a plan right now.  So we are going to discuss internally as well to see how we can align with one all the time.

45:29 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  then let's keep going.

45:30 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  I think we are in a good way. And this conversation, we are going to have a couple of times in the future.  Definitely. Absolutely. sounds good.

45:41 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Sounds good.

45:42 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Okay, perfect. Okay, all right then.

45:45 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Thank you much. Just like we thought if you have any questions then.

45:48 - Mau Medeiros (doisemes®)
  Got it.

45:49 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Okay, thank you.

45:50 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Okay, thank you.

45:51 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Bye-bye. Thank you, people.

45:53 - Joao Landeiro - Fortifai Design [Ext]
  Bye. Thank you. you