---
title: The super secret link - Victor
date: '2024-10-31T10:30:00.000000Z'
duration: 47m
participants:
- João
- Victor
source: https://fathom.video/calls/173547803
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:41:04.870141+00:00'
---

The super secret link - Victor - October 31
VIEW RECORDING - 80 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/xnGz5axhtbvECx6TcXxu968FQ97KBami

---

0:00 - Victor Ahlm
  No, it's not, it's my microphone. Why did it attack you like 12 years ago, or 14? It's the cigarettes.

0:11 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Oh, it's the cigarettes.

0:12 - Victor Ahlm
  Damn, I knew I would shoot a smoke.

0:15 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I thought you guys liked the smoked stuff in there, salmon and stuff like that. true, true.

0:21 - Victor Ahlm
  Smoked salmon is my smoke.

0:24 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And you know that salmon could live up to 100 years if you let it be, so... Oh, wow.

0:31 - Victor Ahlm
  They know something we don't know.

0:33 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  They know they want to be smoked.

0:36 - Victor Ahlm
  The thing is, I never know a smoked salmon that lived behind it though.

0:42 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Well, it's illusive. It's out there somewhere. You're also looking exactly the same. You just don't have the writer's hat.  Yeah, I wore it out.

0:57 - Victor Ahlm
  It's broken now. I still have it, I think. yellow one that it has in doubt. Campagnolo, right?

1:04 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Campagnolo, yes. Oh, I'm really happy to see you. Same here.

1:12 - Victor Ahlm
  It's really... It's so strange with some people how you feel like, oh, we haven't spoken in like, yeah, probably like 12, 13 years.

1:22 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah.

1:23 - Victor Ahlm
  I recognize that voice.

1:25 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I know that guy. The other day I was talking... He hasn't done anything.

1:31 - Victor Ahlm
  What? You haven't done anything. Nothing has happened since... Yeah.

1:37 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I've been just in a smoking room. Getting conserved. I know the other day I was... I think I've been in this kind of reminiscing vibe.  So every now and then, if people pop up on my feed, I'm like, hey, let's talk. And... It's good, right?  I was talking to a friend also from Delft. I don't know if you know him, it's Thomas, Canadian, Danish guy.

2:08 - Victor Ahlm
  Yeah, Nielsen.

2:09 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Nielsen, yeah, yeah.

2:11 - Victor Ahlm
  He had a baby recently.

2:15 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So, I was talking to him after also like 10 years and it was like, he also looked the same and we went straight back into the same jokes.  It's funny. That's funny.

2:30 - Victor Ahlm
  So, how's life?

2:33 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It's good. I'm in Brazil. I don't know much...

2:39 - Victor Ahlm
  In Brazil, in... South of Brazil.

2:44 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, and I don't know how much you know, but anyway, I moved here like a year after living in the Netherlands and then I've been here for 12 years.  I got married, no kids, just a cat, millennial package and... Yeah, I also work as a kind of a design consultant and yeah, I think this is the basic stuff.  Tell me about you. You also have a kid, right? Yeah.

3:14 - Victor Ahlm
  I have a two and a half year old son.

3:17 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Son is a boy. What's his name? His name is Inge. Inge.

3:22 - Victor Ahlm
  Do you know Inge Mountain, the Swedish heavy metal band or artist?

3:28 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I do not. I do not.

3:29 - Victor Ahlm
  You should check him out. He's a great, he's the Vivaldi of guitars. Oh, that's a great comparison. No, but he's not named after Inge, but that's where you might have heard the name.  But yeah, Inge is his name. Yeah, and yeah, same. I mean, I stayed in, I moved back to Stockholm.  So I lived in Stockholm for like, until 2020, just before. COVID broke out. Me and my ex-wife bought a house north where I grew up.  So we moved from Stockholm in May 2020 to this house. It's basically like a small farm. We have like four acres of land and barn and a house and a lot of space and close to the forest and the river.

4:23 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  That sounds amazing. It's a really nice setting.

4:26 - Victor Ahlm
  I like it. I love this place. And this winter, actually, on New Year's Day this year, my wife told me she wanted a divorce.  So this year has been quite different from previous years. So we split up and she moved to an apartment.  She bought an apartment in the city and I was able to stay in the house that we bought together because that's what I wanted.  I think life is pretty good now. We feel I think both we have good relationship like we we hang out with our kid and we talk about anything and you know we we basically talk more or less every day but there's just no romantic feelings involved anymore and that's kind of nice but that makes it our relationship is much better now than it was when we were married that sounds so mature i'm glad you're doing you're doing okay and also in the beautiful setting i mean i'm sure it's it's it feels like i don't know it just feels like it makes sense that you live in a quiet place next to nature i don't know it kind of kind of fits with what i was yeah i don't know i mean when i was like i mean like 15 years ago i was like i'll never move back up north or like i was so determined that like i'm gonna you know work and make a career and move abroad maybe if i would move somewhere it would be like to another city in europe or the us or something but  Then like, I guess life catches up with you and like, you know, the drill, like everyone settles down, starts a family, I mean, I'm pretty late having kids, I mean, here, like where I live now and she left you, you know, most people, they settle when they're like 23, and then they marry at 25, and then they have their first kid at 26 and by, I mean the same in Portugal, not in Brazil though, but unfortunately it's kind of the same, yeah.  So it's like, I feel like the oldest parent at kindergarten, you know, when you pick up your kids, it's like the wisest parent, the wisest, yes.  Yeah, so I mean, it's life changes and like, you just have to try to figure out what you want to do with it, I guess.  Yeah, and that's good as well. yeah i had no idea why i moved here actually but like i don't know if it was like you know you don't know and you never know like where those like you can you can just it could be a gut feeling but that could also be like just an idea based on something you saw on like tv or social media or like you know see lives of others and you're like oh maybe i want that maybe i want that but then i don't know i'm pretty happy here well at least so that's great that's great because i know you know this this feeling because this is not the city you grew up in right it's no but it's pretty much it's like 30 kilometers from it so yeah so it's like and that's really nice i guess like now after becoming a parent myself like having my parents nearby so they can hang out with him it's just i never like i had no idea how it would how important that would be for them like my mom's like new person since she's had a grandson because that's her first grand

8:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  child and like probably the only she'll ever get so she's happy with that so but like uh it's really changed our relationship and made uh made our communication easier and like that's nice it must be your family's far away right how's that yeah yeah yeah yeah and I just I just became an uncle like two months ago so my parents like it's the first baby of this generation because I don't have I have only one sister that's our first child is a girl and the same thing for my parents also it is like magical first for them right but they live nearby my parents and my other sister like 30 kilometers as well and they go there all the time my my father is semi-retired and I totally get what you what you mean it gives them like an extra you know boost of energy like oh we have like this new exciting  I feel like both my parents are retired, especially my mom, she's been retired for I think I think it's it's not 10 years but like almost 10 years and this is like I believe her life has like purpose like a big like it's really changed her like she's so much happier and she's like same same so that's this for the past couple of years maybe the last five years I think they were really difficult for my mom because her parents were getting were old and eventually they passed away but it was like the right time I guess and they didn't smoke too much I think that that was their mistake but and so it was a difficult couple of years for my mom like emotionally and logistically as well and eventually that got started out nature handled that and then she got a grandkids so yeah it's so much better  So I talk to my mom now, she's not like all finding the, she now finds the good stuff in stuff, right?  Not just like, oh, it could be better or much better. So much better. So funny, obviously we're all humans, but how the stories kind of rhyme, even though we are from quite different cultures, I think, but like the story is right, yeah.

10:31 - Victor Ahlm
  But I think that's my first experience with that was like, when we come into Delft and just like, you know, when you go to school with people from like all over the world, as you realize, like we're the same.  it really, like of course there are cultural differences and like on population wise, like if you look at them, like the big picture, there are differences, but like, I feel like the...

11:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  that's just an average and like when you people with the similar interest or similar like you know ideas of what you want to do with your life and things like that it's just like okay we're we're so much more alike that we are different and it's true and yeah no I was just going to riff off on that which is you went to Delft was it part of like Erasmus exchange program yeah it was an Erasmus year so I've heard somewhere and I think it makes a lot of sense that the whole idea of the Erasmus is not knowledge transfer is making people feel part of Europe right yeah and it really works sure get a couple of kids drunk together and they'll they'll form a continent  and cultural identity, exactly. You're going to ask something.

12:07 - Victor Ahlm
  I was just going to ask, what does your wife do? Is she from here or is she from Brazil?

12:14 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  She's from Brazil, yeah. she has a company, it's like a corporate compliance training thing, and it's really funny because corporate compliance is not the most exciting topic, but she managed to find a way of doing that that it's much more exciting, both in the way she talks and she gives like keynote presentations and stuff like that.  And she also started to incorporate like the kind of stuff I do, like workshops. So we do not work in the same company, but sometimes she hires me.  And it's really funny because like in our house now we have like boxes of workshop supplies and post-its everywhere and it's because we are not alike in terms of like personality.  We are quite different and eventually like we've been together for 10 years so eventually you just kind of meld and like I start to become a little bit more like her and so on.  But yeah I matter when I came to Brazil with knots right away. I matter like a year almost to the week a year after I arrived here during carnival which in Brazil carnival is all about you know hooking up and people have this saying about oh carnival love is not to last like that carnival romance and then eventually we because we live in different cities 400 kilometers away which in Portugal is Spain.  Like depending on the direction you And Eventually we're like the kind of the distance thing, but psychologically this is really interesting in Brazil 400 kilometers Is not that far away people are like oh, it's just for look 400.  It's just drive there And the road not the same as in Europe so people have a different relationship with with distances and eventually we just said okay, let's get married and Yeah, it worked out It's working out, but it's a lot of work as you very well know and So I moved to the south of Brazil which was not where I lived I lived in Sao Paulo Interesting experience, I'm very glad I don't live there anymore And now I live in a smaller city is like three million people roughly Three million It's it's not small, but it's small  smaller smaller because I come from a 30 000 people place right yeah and yeah I think it's a really good size I mean it's not super built up the the place where I live most buildings have like six stories yeah at most at and I need to kuri tiva I can write it down for you on the on the chat it's famous for capybaras we have like in the city parks you can find capybaras in the wild but what did you say what did you find in the wild I thought you said capybaras should I know what that is oh it's kind it's kind of a giant mini pig oh wow that looks

16:00 - Victor Ahlm
  it's uh unreal yeah they're very friendly and skittish oh but they're quite big yeah it's like they're like a they're like a mash-up of a like a guinea pig and a pig yeah like a guinea pig it's very soothing that background you have that's real right it's a real home that's my i'm i haven't finished uh renovating the house so this is like the hallway upstairs so that's the stairs down and then that door there is the room where i want to have my office but it's not ready yet and that's being this room and that's my bedroom okay and then there's a bath  room there basically I can show you a little bit of my background but I'm kind of moving because we just got into this apartment let me where is this thing like so yeah it's kind of a lot of books that's an office this is an office yeah I got I got an office now because we moved that's funny because we both work from home and both got their office now and that's really nice I I think I like I'm for some reason I'm just I've been working since since four years back basically this spring I had an office because I was doing a consulting project for a consulting firm a local firm that found me an assignment in Umeå which is like the closest I can't say big big city  thousand people so but it's you know where the town or like the village that I live in is 200 and the city next to it is like 40 000 people okay and then there's Umeå which is 100 000 people I think that's yeah go ahead sorry and that and Umeå is like 120 kilometers away so then you have like and then Stockholm is 800 kilometers away so that's sort of like the next level 800 is a bit yeah yeah yeah is it north enough that you get to see like northern lights and stuff like that yeah yeah yeah oh every day or more or less really especially now because it's like well of course you know I mean there's always this lead pollution so you you want to if you want to if you want to enjoy the northern lights you sort of have to go somewhere where we don't  have a lot of houses and like lights street lights but but right now you have like the sun is really in this period where there's a lot of northern lights because there's a lot of radiation that type of radiation coming from the sun right now so it's uh yeah if it's it's a clear night we'll see in all the lights i like that idea but only lights always look better on photo than in real life unfortunately i could imagine i would imagine that people photoshop the  out of it it's like i feel like absolutely they like they they've tuned their camera so like when if you see northern lights and you take a photo it's gonna look anything it's just like when you shoot northern lights just looks great yeah so this is i mean we basically like that we have like a quiet and  interesting I don't know there's there's a Swedish movie that's called like the dream house that where everything that goes to hell that's basically our experience with buying a house like we bought the house first thing we noticed the first thing I discovered like a month after moving in like there's an ache in the roof everything is so expensive to fix yes and it cost I mean I spent so much money on this house it's ridiculous and and like it's still like if I knew if I knew what would have come I would have just like okay I'm just gonna buy a piece of land and build a house yeah that would be the same money and then I would have had a brand new house we bought a plot of land here in Brazil and the idea was to make you know the cabin sort of thing this was around covid right because both were working from home

21:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I was working at the company then not from not for myself And we're seeing this pattern of you know people are working from home But they could also work from somewhere else and they could maybe like a place which is near the city So if you if you forget your phone charge, it can just drive home But at the same time it's far away enough that you see a completely different environment So we bought up a lot of land.  We got a good deal on that And but there's nothing there. mean even like it's not fully legal in the city hall and so we can install lights or Water needs to be like a septic tank and okay, and then eventually we're like what the  did you get into?  Because around Kobe every construction stuff went really high the prices. Yeah, and like oh And because it was a little bit of a remote location, it was not remote but like  Access was difficult. Yeah, like building there would be a  and everything was expensive like everything he would wanted to do cost it like it started at 2000 which is not a lot of money in terms of like exchange rates, but like for our reality is the size of all Everything costed like two minimum wage salaries To do right everything.  Oh, we need we need a fence.  that. You know these as well already This is our expensive, right? Eventually, we just didn't build we did some stuff like a little road and we cleared out a little bit of the woods and I think we haven't been there for like over a year.  think and I think now it's just rewilded, you know But you're like, yeah By the time we get like the city hall full force documentation Probably the price will have increased we got a good deal.  So let's just use that kind of an investment but let's not not build there. Okay. And there's also yeah the the place was really nice it's like for us Europeans it's kind of the idea we have of jungle it's not that jungle technically but it's kind of like that and and the idea was to be like an isolated cabin design we are we hired two different architecture offices to help us with this and this was also not a great experience anyway  architects all my interactions with that crowd as a buyer are like I understand how you think guys because I'm a designer man you need to manage your ego and like your opinion over your own taste but anyway

24:00 - Victor Ahlm
  Yeah, I can imagine how a lot of architects are, they're like, I don't know, I feel like they believe too much that they're like an artist rather than an engineer or a designer.  So if you come to them and you say like, okay, I want you to design something like this for me, and I have requirements, like I want, like it's not how you want.  Like if you would have this piece of land and you would build a house, it's like, you should help me construct how I like, and it's like, I don't know, there are too many, I mean, they have really sensitive toes and they have a big heel.

24:47 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I think as industrial designers, we stay kind of in the middle of those two worlds.

24:54 - Victor Ahlm
  Yeah, at least, to me, it's like my experience tells me that a good designer can just sort leave the ego at home and be like, who are we designing for?  What's the user? What is the customer? I can make it look like I can personally work on a project and think it's ugly, but it's like, if this is the brand, if this is the identity that they're looking for, okay, then we'll do it.  I mean, I don't care. Like I don't put it in my portfolio.

25:22 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, that's always a possibility, right? One of the things that happened, and I don't want to delve too much on this.  This is a funny story. So this, I've hired architects three times. And the third time we went for the cheap ones.  And they were young. And when you're young, I think everything like this is like 211. Of course, you have more ego.  Of course, you know, this is normal. But at the same time, here in Brazil, there's this thing of a fascination with Europe.

26:00 - Victor Ahlm
  you know so especially people with money they really like the imported thing and that is a very South American phenomenon and or Latin American phenomenon yeah and at some point American yeah I think like in us as well like if you want to have something fancy you import something from Italy yeah yeah okay yeah there's this house in sorry I'm gonna let you just but like there's a this this famous paper guy what's his name paper guy yeah what's Donald Trump no it doesn't really no no famous house California newspaper paper I need the Hearst Castle Hearst Castle he's named William Randolph Hearst  He inherited this fortune, his dad run several newspapers and he built this castle on a hill in California with these big fireplaces all imported from like, basically he imported stone goods and built like sculptures and actually like gigantic doors from like French and Spanish castles from like the 15th, 16th imported them to California and built this ridiculous castle that's just you know the pool scene from Scarface takes place at Hearst Castle that's his outdoor pool it's like it looks like a Greek like amphibes like like this marble and white tile and it's a ridiculous place but there's like everything was imported European

28:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  and ridiculous expensive yeah yeah i think it's gonna with tigers as well like it was yeah tiger king we don't speak ill of tiger king okay that's important so anyway no no no basically the guys made some suggestion for the kitchen and it wasn't a bad suggestion we just didn't want it and we said we didn't like it and one of the guys is like yeah but you know this is what they are using in europe and i was this close to say  do you know where i'm come from i don't care about that but i didn't go there but i thought it was so condescending like it doesn't matter what you taste this it's just if that's what they do in europe it's like yeah whatever yes i got really i couldn't look at their faces anyway because they're really like arrogant and and they also said  any voice or of course of course yeah yeah it's a perfect job you get to play with the Sims in real life and other people pay for  and eventually the industrial designer in me went to town right and started like hey wait a minute this this blueprint for this furniture doesn't work and I think then they got defensive anyways I think it's kind of a stereotype of an interaction but but yeah it's all good now and now we're just waiting for some furniture which is I mean contractors I suppose that they're kind of the same everywhere a bit unreliable yeah yeah so that's it but so you did you buy a new apartment or is that a rental or is it oh yeah we bought it we were we were renting for like 70 years and then we then we bought it and we barely changed  zip codes it's I could walk I could walk to my other one and Take some like 20 minutes. We like the neighborhood.

30:07 - Victor Ahlm
  So it's it's good And sometimes I forget and I order stuff online and it goes there and then I go there and oh You know like that What was the thing about the the big ad set to the microfinals it really look like a Helicopter pilots Like I tried to find a picture of myself that was fairly recent and I just realized like I never take photos of myself And then I thought that picture was sort of you know like Maybe like on LinkedIn a bit attention grabbing because it's like that's not your typical LinkedIn picture Like it's not being a suit with them like in an office setting exactly like boss man So yeah, no this I'm I'm running this I have  it's side business every autumn where I make apple juice, like a factory that I produce, you know, it's basically, I mean in English it's called apple juice, but in Swedish it's called must and there are rules with must must has to be a hundred percent fruit, like you can't add any sugar, you can't add water, you can't like, like so it's basically just the the the the squeezed fruit liquid from apples is, is it thick?  It's not thick, I think it becomes it's fluid, like it's like it's like an apple juice, but it's it's opaque, so it's not, you don't see through it unless you filter it, they use a lot of additives to make it clear, so I prefer it opaque, so we don't use like, we just use like simple mechanical filters to get rid of like small pieces of like, you know, fruits  It's shut, I don't know what to do. Like, fruit fragments. Exactly, fruit fragments. They get rid of fruit fragments, so it's only liquid.  But yeah, so we started that like basically, second year I lived there, me and a neighbor started it. It was just a conversation at a party, dinner thing, and it was like, maybe we should do it.  yeah, I mean, we have a barn, and there's like, so we planted 40 apple trees, and then we opened the musty, the brewery, or whatever you want to call it.  And now it's basically grown, so we've doubled our turnover every year, for four years now. So it's getting bigger now, the business, which is fun.  So that was me, like, just fixed that sign that says we're closed. So I went up the side, like, I have a tractor, I just, before coming in here now, was out because I just ordered.  some basically, what would you call it? Crushed gravel, like big pieces of like the layer that you put before you put your like fine sand gravel, you put it like a thicker layer.  I'm putting that out behind the barn so I can get a nice area to park stuff on. I have a tractor and I have some tools and machinery for plowing fields and you know cutting down the, yeah.  I'm like a hobby farmer so that's my new interest.

33:41 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I start to value from time to time so I know exactly what you mean.

33:47 - Victor Ahlm
  Did your kid love the tractors? Yes, I mean it's insane, like I haven't encouraged it at all, but it's like since he was, since he could speak, I can feel like  the second word he said was like tractor and then one and a half he was like no that that's not tractor that's a wheel loader and it's like and that's an excavator it's not a tractor and he like now he corrects now he corrects his teachers at kindergarten and they use the wrong terminology for specific and he's two and a half so it's it's kind of ridiculous and he loves I mean every time you see like a like a timber truck or or any type of yeah wheel loader or tractor or harvesting machines like he knows like oh that's a car that's not a tractor it's like he knows them all that's so funny it's hilarious like it's uh yeah but it's fun I mean I really enjoy it like because he can sit the tractor with me and like he can follow along and he just really it's a great way to spend time

35:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  right need to get something done but you also want you also want to be with your kid yeah that's cool you know i asked because i've heard this thing i don't know if it's true but i mean everybody i asked with everybody with kids that i asked they say the same thing so it's maybe true that you know kids like fire trucks and all that kind of stuff and there's a theory about mega fauna have you heard about this no so i don't know if this is true but i think it's exciting so like back back back in the day when we were like oh minutes just you know doing cave caveman things big animals were like both food and danger right they needed needed to pay attention to them and tractors that are like that for kids and they're like oh this is a big thing i should pay attention to it's like it's fascinating i want to see it and because everybody says the same thing like kids love big  equals and they get excited about them?

36:03 - Victor Ahlm
  Yeah, well, I mean, doesn't sound completely unlikely because I my personal experience was at least as like, I haven't even like, I never asked him to look at a tractor.  I never told him like that attractors are cool or exciting or like I never gave him any sort of like, especially like when you when you barely can speak.  was like the first time he saw a tractor is like so exciting. Yeah, because they're like a big, big, unpredictable animal that you need to pay attention to because it could kill you probably.  The big noise, right? Yeah, the noises are also funny how they're like, they get those like he never, he never saw a boat.  Still, it was like, how's the boat sounds like?

36:52 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Like they all sound like dinosaurs, right?

36:55 - Victor Ahlm
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.

36:56 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  They roar. it's true. They roar. That's what they do.

36:59 - Victor Ahlm
  Like I'm pretty sure like a hundred years from now small kids still gonna assume that they roar even though they're all electric and they don't roar at all yeah that's a good point what do dinosaurs make of them?  no that's not gonna happen that's cool so did you have any contact with any dealt people still or are there any of the Brazilian community that you have you worked with like I'm getting names now but I did work with Fabrizio I don't know if you remember him and I've also done stuff with Enrique Enrique do you remember Enrique?

37:47 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  yeah Enrique with the cool hair yeah Monerat Monerat Monerat Monerat yeah so I think he lives in the US now okay I spoke to him maybe five to six years ago  I've been a terrible friend to Enrique because we are very alike me and Enrique and It's an easy friendship and then at some point I was like not really replying to messages and just being ADHD And I think he got a little bit hurt It wasn't on purpose, but I understand it didn't never told me anything about that, but anyway time goes on It's yeah, and I like him a lot went to his wedding was really nice wedding in the coast the coast of Rio de Janeiro just everything you would expect from a wedding of that guy Yeah, nice Richard do you remember Richard?  Yeah, I don't Yes, yes, so I spoken to Richard maybe a month ago or something Which is still a bit scared it's you always yes always struggle you like the focus thing  is a bit contrarian and I think being contrarian sometimes doesn't work to your advantage because you just find the hard way of doing everything but I've spoken to him maybe a month ago and we are supposed to you know catch up again sometimes soon but not a lot of people know like I haven't spoken to Juan the Filipino guy do you remember him?  No because he wasn't really part of that group he was somebody I've met the previous semester but we were really good friends back then and never spoke to him again okay but yeah basically I don't keep in touch with many people no you know and then I just send a message like maybe I send a picture of my feet to someone just to keep them on on their toes  So that that's it. Yeah, do you want pictures of my feet? They just get really worse. This is not, this is not how a nail should look like, man.  But what about you? you do, is there somebody that you?

40:36 - Victor Ahlm
  No, it's like, did you meet, he was only there for a semester, Tim, the Australian guy, Tim Thompson. I think the name brings a bell, but I don't think I know, yeah.  Because you started in, in the autumn of 2008, right? Me?

40:55 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah. Yeah. You did the bachelor there.

41:01 - Victor Ahlm
  You only did the master and you started in 2008. Yeah, correct.

41:05 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Your memory is good.

41:08 - Victor Ahlm
  Yeah, so he was there just like the first semester. We lived in Poptahof, me Enrique Masi, who then came back for a master's and he hung out with Harold Pould, a British guy from Hong Kong who also studied in Sydney.  He was also there for one semester. me and Tim basically, I think we're the ones that keep in touch, not often, but we speak to each other every year.  He came to my wedding, so nice. then he has one of his old classmates from university moved. I went to Sydney to meet Tim, that's nine years ago.  So I stayed in his house and he had two roommates. it's and one of them then worked for Electrolux in Sydney and then transferred to Stockholm so he moved to Stockholm like six years ago so we started hanging out when he moved to Stockholm so I keep it it's sort of like I feel like I know him through Delft but I he's never been to Delft so it's just yeah yeah yeah I was like but I was Tim's friend and but since he lives in Stockholm it's like why it's felt weird not to hang out when you sort of know each other from a yeah because he's known Tim his entire life so it's like like a family member or more or less other than that it's like I talked to Enrique some time and I reached I tried to reach out to Henry I mean me and Henry hang out a lot yeah I remember and and then we just completely lost contact like more or less like eight years ago nine years ago he came to Stockholm with his ex-girlfriend when I still was together with my ex-girlfriend  That was like 2014 or something he came to stop and then after that trip It was like we stopped we just lost contact and then I said like and then I was like I sent him some emails Didn't get a reply and I was like I felt weird like I don't want to like if you don't want to talk to me It's fine But like I sort of felt like I've done something to him, but I never understood what because he just stopped Returning my messages and maybe it's just bad with email.  Yeah, it turns out because then like After the divorce like this winter. I was like Yeah, you sort of like get a life crisis.  was like it feels bad Like I feel really bad about not having any contact with Henry because we We spent so much time together in Delft and like we hung out after Delft and like and I was like I want to know what happens what what's going on in his life.  So then I wrote tip-tweet. I'm Yeah, I think oh yeah and then I answered and I was like okay so it's it's kind of funny because I I run like I have my making the apple juice and Henry started working at like a beer factory and Peppe do you remember Peppe he was not in in I he was like he did like business Italian right?  Italian yeah Giuseppe Simigliani yeah and he has like a liquor company in in Pasquale where he grew up now so he's like we're like okay we went to technical university and and drank a lot together and now we're all producing like different kinds of like I started basically like my not my plan but like my I hope I will have time to start making like hard sizes at some point I'm making them for myself now but just testing out different ways to produce so basically we'll all be producing liquor in a while yeah I I remember I was I was I had the I didn't spend as much time with Henry but I came to

45:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Portugal and we spent some time together. Yeah. And for a while it was really like I remember when I met him like after a while I was really Impressed by his What's his name?  What's the name of the thing? It's not really self-reliance, but the guy was really like he can do anything just uh, yeah I can just go and hitchhike and sleep on kids parks and so on He was very pro life, you know, yeah, and that was that was very inspiring to me and um Yeah, so so I wanted to to you know get a little bit of that so we started talking more And eventually it came to Portugal at some point we were flirting with the idea of going to Iceland But that was the year I came to brazil Oh, yeah, and then I didn't have because before that I didn't have money  Yeah, and then after that I didn't have holidays and eventually that thing fell through, right? when we lay on the cross it's like, yeah only Bitcoin scams will allow you to do both things and Yeah, but the other day I was curious about him because I wonder what he's doing And I saw like his LinkedIn profile like oh, yeah, I started shipping the floor of this factory and now I've moved up to Brewmaster whatever and I was like, yeah, he's he's holding the dream.

46:32 - Victor Ahlm
  Yeah, I can see him But I heard it was a tough dream He was like it's difficult to earn any money like even if you're master brewer like it's really hard to make make any money I would imagine.  Yeah It's a I mean you really need a niche product that you can charge a lot for yeah But yeah, that's nice nice here, but I can really You know confirm like it's  his attitude towards like well I can do that like it's no I remember we went to like when he did his master thesis he lived in Munich yeah and we were we were planning a trip that we were I was going to come to Munich and we were going to go to Oktoberfest and then we were going to fly to to Pascale to to Peppe and then we're going to make wine because it's also wine making season in September and this was probably I was so pissed with him because because we were flying of course like cheapest like Ryan Air flights from from Munich to to Pascale and we and actually there weren't any flights from Munich we had to take flights from Frankfurt and in Frankfurt there are two airports like you know Frankfurt of Main which is a big one and then you have Frankfurt Han which is the  shed in the forest where Ryan Air flies like it's really like that it's basically like a barn that they rebuilt to an airport and and I was like okay so how do we get there like he's like well I have no money like  yet there she and me neither and I was like the cheapest way possible so like if we we could buy like a this holiday ticket on the trains then you can travel as far as you like for a small family that's really cheap and we take the train as far as we can towards Frankfurt but it's only like a regional train we need to jump off at this station here in the middle of nowhere but that's really close to the big highway so we can walk to the highway which is like two kilometers away and then we can hitchhike the last part Frankfurt and I was like hell sounds like a great idea let's do it so we this like sales guy stopped at at the gas station where we tried to hitchhike and picked us drove us to Frankfurt of Maine like the big airport and I was like and up the day before so we were like we need to be out there in advance it might be difficult to find a hitch so that was the day before we were going to fly and it was a really early fly sounds like okay let's just stay here and smooth  Because this is a big- airport. Nobody's gonna care. There are a lot of like sofas where you can sit and lie and sleep on Restaurants, you know, you had everything And Henry was like no we should go we should make sure we're at the airport where our flight is from tomorrow morning So we don't miss it anyway.  I'm like no we can we can take the bus because they're busted like transfer buses You know, we think about the morning.  It's fine. Let's sleep here. No, we should go there I'm like, okay He's really determined. Oh, okay. Let's go there.  They probably have sofas and couches there as well And we get there and it's a freaking bar There's no red there like vending machines that make noise constantly throughout the night And we basically have to sleep on like a hard concrete floor The whole night and then after that I was sick for like three weeks.  I had like the worst hold of my life Probably also because of the October fest because we got really hammered but

50:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  but that's like that's Henry's like we'll just I mean it works out I'm I'm never like I'm never he's never in a like there's never a situation like where he would be like okay I can't do this like okay we'll sleep here that we'll sleep on the floor yeah he can he can withstand this comfort right yeah I there was a there was a time when I was living in Amsterdam for a while and I leave I lived in an apartment of a weird guy and then guy I think was paranoid and he kicked me out and and eventually a friend of mine let me change my friend of mine let me you know sleep at his apartment but this friend of mine was a Casanova he was never home because was always screwing somebody else and so he's  Was a bit of a mess and I slept there for like I think maybe six weeks or more the water heater was Busted so I would sleep a sleeping bag in his What's his what's the name of the thing?  Like it's not a pantry It's like a deposit. It's like where he kept his junk inside of the apartment inside.

51:23 - Victor Ahlm
  It's like a yeah Storage space in the apartment.

51:27 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah storage space. Yeah so I slept there on my sleeping bag and I would boil water in a kettle and And and mix it with tap water and have like cowboy showers with a with a And I remember I remember thinking of every like yeah, every would do this problem Two years Yeah, yeah, and like I remember once I woke up in the middle of the night in the sleeping bag Because they were mice knowing like  of my knowing at my stuff and I remember thinking like oh this is a really every experience because I was not pissed off I was just like oh this is annoying but I can deal with it and I think honestly I think like just spending some time with every really increased my tolerance for this comfort I was like yeah I can just then do that but when I tell this story to like my family or my wife they're like oh my god you're really suffering oh what you went through and I was like no no this is exciting it was a little adventure it's all about mindset right yeah oh cool that's yeah I wish there was like I wish we would have a reunion it would be really nice to see everyone from yeah from ios yeah I actually have yeah do you remember Edmina yeah yeah yeah she lives in Sweden right

53:00 - Victor Ahlm
  Yeah, she and Aditya are married, think. They live together. I have actually had contact with her because when I moved back to Julepto, I realized that she was living in Julepto, working in Julepto at the Science City.  It's like a research thing. So yeah, we've actually had some contact. It's so funny. Like the first time in death when we were at this introduction, it's like, oh, here's Amina.  She's from Bosnia. She's like, yeah, because it said like that she was from Bosnia in the papers.

53:36 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah.

53:37 - Victor Ahlm
  Oh, yeah. I'm originally from Bosnia, but I grew up in Biskie. I was like, Biskie, that's like a small town with like 2,000 people.  That's like half an hour drive from where I grew up.

53:57 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Sorry, my cat is doing that thing where they want to get in and then they want to get out and then they want to get in.  But yeah, I remember Amina. She was very, I mean, the image I got from her was very fierce. I thought she was very fierce.  Yeah, decided badass. Yeah, so many people. Yeah, we could just go through the list and go, oh, I haven't talked to.  Yeah, but I'm happy we we chat it.

54:39 - Victor Ahlm
  Yeah, and say yeah. So how consulting business then? What type of clients did you remote or is it like locally or what type of work do you do?  Do you travel a lot? No, I don't travel.

54:54 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Most of it is remote and it's still, So basically I went back to indie consulting maybe two years ago and it was difficult because basically I quit the job where I felt like oh this is not the right direction for my career so I might as well quit now while I have the vitality.  We are getting older while I have the vitality to build something else. It wasn't really easy because you know 2023 was a scary year for all our companies, projected in a movie and honestly my wife she kept the household afloat and she still carries most of the weight and eventually I'm now getting to a point which exciting and promising of getting a more consistent work but it's like so today I'll meet with some guys from Norway yesterday I was doing some stuff for  for some dudes like in the US. And there was another thing that I don't remember now. Oh, and there's also a guy in Mexico.  slowly, this is becoming really, it's funny, I have one of these extensions on my Mac that shows you what time zones at all time.  And it makes me feel a bit smug. Like, oh, I need to see what time zone my clients are.  But basically what I'm doing now is creating workshops for consulting companies. And yeah, that's a whole not a conversation.  I mean, I love having that conversation. just don't want to have. I just want to be a bit of a monologue here.  But I find it really the whole independent consulting is really exciting for me. Because it's just, you meet really interesting people.  And a lot of people that are. like us, guess, like, they are very curious and very self-demanding, like you don't become an expert by not being curious and self-demanding, right?  So all experts have... And then they sometimes struggle with communicating with non-experts, which makes sense, right? And I found that workshops are really good for that.  And the adventure of finding my own positioning has been really interesting. Because, yeah, I was one of those, still am a bit, one of those generalists like innovation guys.  And I was like, okay, this is difficult, because it's really true that the more you do the same thing, you get much better at that specific thing, right?  And I'm getting to that place of really working on the same thing, which is building workshops. that work for other people, and I really like it.  So the best year and a half was a bit difficult in that sense, like getting a constant stream of work.  I would get work from my network and stuff, but it wasn't really, it wasn't telling any story. was just paying the bills.  And now like, oh, okay, there's a niche here that I could kind of be important at in. So that's exciting, that's exciting.

58:29 - Victor Ahlm
  Sounds really, really fun. I mean, it sounds like you're actually like, like you say, like you're, you're, you're, you're perfecting something.  it's actually like, you, you have, you have a product that you sell. you, you, you are the product, but like, you can still sell that rather than me.  I mean, for me, it's been like, I started, I switched from being an employee to being a consultant, but I'm still, you know, doing like general UX, know, I'm high.  It has a resource, not as an expert or I'm an expert in my field, but like in projects, I'm still a resource that, you know, gets wireframes and customer journey, mappings and stuff like deliverables and do things.  it's like, if I get a, if I get an assignment, it's like, oh, you're going to work on this project for six months full time.  It's not like, oh, I'm going to deliver this thing for you. And it's not much. So it's like, there's no way of scaling.  There's no way of increasing my rate. Like the only way for me to, to like build something is by being a good reputation of being a good designer.  And then I get design work, but it's sort of like, it's, it's still the same work. And it gets for every project, it just gets more and more boring or less interesting because this, you know, it's still, it's not like I can, you know, I can, I maintain my skills, but it doesn't, doesn't allow me to, like you say, like.  focus on something specific and that's I mean I would have to hear more about it because that's I've been I've been thinking about like because because what I like my what I like really enjoy is more just helping startups with like getting that boilerplate or like first MVP product helping them define like what the experience be like what are the problems they want to solve and like doing that through both workshops and actual work like delivering not always like I'm going to help you like strategically I'm going to help you define what it is that you want me to build but also like actually materializing that into some sort of prototype or like thing that they can they can test and verify and and and that makes it a lot more difficult like I really understand Australia because it's like okay suddenly I have to I have to sell this thing that I'm offering it's not just like oh I know UX so you can hire me  Yeah, I mean that's super easy, but it's also a lot Less fun and challenging and also doesn't allow you to so let's say like Deliver Like and also payment like not I don't want to charge by the hour I want to I would rather be like, okay You can get like a small medium or large package and it's gonna be like a hundred thousand two hundred thousand five hundred thousand And that's and then you get all things And then I don't have to set like a billable hour a rate on it But it's like I'll deliver it for you and we will be happy because it's gonna be worth it and it's yeah So that's it's interesting to hear about I would love to hear about that how you now I mean we are I Think I think I suspected this would be an interesting conversation because I saw the consulting thing And that was kind of the trigger also you don't post too much on LinkedIn But no  Super sure. don't have short stories. the funny thing was, I was like, I've been procrastinating this for like a month.  Like I've been basically playing with my tractor for a month. I have like in my consulting firm, I have money in the bank so I can pay a salary without doing any work for a few months.  I mean, you need to have that. And I have it. And now I'm using it. So I've been just be like, I'm going to renovate the last room and I'm going to fix these things outside.  And then I'll start looking for work. then, you know, every week that passes, like, I feel bad. I haven't like, I don't have a lead for a  assignment or a contract or anything.  So like, I need to post something on LinkedIn. then like in stress, like, between like picking up my son or like, and going shopping, I started writing a post on my phone.  And I like, Oh, I shouldn't post this. Maybe I should think it through a bit more. Like, I never post on LinkedIn.  I want it to be good. And I, oh, I can schedule a post because there was no way of like saving the drop.  So I like, I'll schedule it into the future sometime.

1:02:59 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And then I forgot

1:03:00 - Victor Ahlm
  about it and then I was like woke up that day like 29th there was something on the 29th oh right that's when I scheduled the post damn it is like okay it's there all right I'll just have to be there you know I started like oh I should call should reach out to some like former clients and like how make sure they are prepared like you make a post and then you have people commenting on it so you get like a bit more spread and like you like what if you could build the post that had like these references to like good people that you worked with and they say nice things about you so I did that retrospectively I started to reach out to former clients to be like hey I just posted a thing on LinkedIn would you mind like just liking it or sharing it or writing a comment something that's so funny you're a good starter teller look I I've been immersed in that world for for a while and I do have recommendations I just don't want to be overwhelming with them because

1:04:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  My my tendency is like oh, there's this book and this book and this book and this guy But there's one thing that I I'm reading now and I got it for free.  I didn't even like it's not illegal The guy just gives it away for free So found this place on the internet.

1:04:16 - Victor Ahlm
  It's called dark web, but you can just follow it.

1:04:18 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  No, it was not it was not that So the guy wait Basically is There's a few of these like consultants consultants yeah, and And I think some of them are good and I think this guy where do I I think this guy is decent I've spoken to him a few times his name is max trailer, which is a cool name trailer that was cool and I can send you the PDF the consultant survival guide There's I mean, there's a lot of bang for your buck in here not a lot of fat in the book  And I think it addresses many of the things we're talking about now. And it's a good guy to follow at the very least.  And I mean, if he's interested, I can just send you an email with a couple of things, and then you go through it as you wish.  Because it was very transformative for me to find people that really think about how to do this independent consultant thing.  Because a lot of the advice we see about marketing is not for these industries, like for SaaS or is for other things.  And we try to apply it and it comes off weird. So there's like a world of people, and then you have like the bullshitters that they all tell you about like pricing tricks or like very manipulative things, which are interesting to know, but if you're on a thrust-based business,  It's like consulting. They will burn you at the end. Then you have people that are really talking about this stuff.  I think this MaxTrailer PDF, I wrote it down here. I'll send it to you. Nice. It's a short thing, not a lot of fat.  And I mean, I'm totally open for us to keep talking about this at peers, right? And I'm not trying to sell you anything, just sharing stuff.  I like the topic, I think is interesting.

1:06:33 - Victor Ahlm
  Yeah, I like that. I'll be happy to read the PDFs and see where I decide to go. I feel like at the moment I'm like, I'm also, because I'm really, it's either I try to specialize within this field or I'm like, I'm going to do something completely different.  It's like, I really like, because with the... the brewing thing like it's I really enjoy it just having my own business like I set the rules I decide what's okay what's like what is a good profit margin or like how much money do I want to earn like it's I mean we're I'm we're I guess spoiled and we're having like a lot of things for free and like I don't like I don't need to struggle to make a living but but then I want I want the most like I want to find balance where I also want like a consulting gig where I work eight hours per week and have no time for my kid or like but I make a lot of money like that's that that's not interesting at all and it's like I feel like more like I'm trying to basically I just want to hang out on my farm to find ways to make money so I can live off of it in many and like in any type of way like yeah like it's it's it's quite interesting like how because we're basically  Me and my colleague now, basically do two months of work, and it's not full-time work, but I was off this period, from middle of August to end of September, which is basically it's only one and a half month.  We basically, we sold, we sold Apple juice for like, yeah, now, is it, like, $40,000 in six, eight, in eight weeks.

1:08:30 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Nice.

1:08:31 - Victor Ahlm
  I mean, that's, and then of course, we've invested in machinery and stuff, but like, it, it's worth it. Like, we make money, and we, it's like a really simple thing where we're like, we take people's apples, you, we don't even have to go and get apples.  People come with their apples from their yard, and we make, we just turn it into Apple juice, put in bottles, like, pasteurize it, put nice stickers on it, and we have like,  And then like people buy it back and we can like if there were apples all year round I could live off of it I would have a good salary doing it But it's since it's only these eight weeks per year that you can have it.  It's like it's not a It's you can't live off of it. I mean you could but then you would need to produce a hell of a lot of Apologies you would work your  off from August till October, but yeah But it's like and finally like Just being like It's such a comfort.  No, like oh, I have a product like to us the problem Is it like will this product sell like can we sell it?  Because people everyone that comes to us loves the product like they we could easily like Almost not double the price, but we like we could increase the price with 10% every year and we wouldn't lose a single customer I think Because like the thing is like oh they get or apple juice from their own apples that they have in their backyard like and that's  priceless compared to like going to the lowest is buying some apple juice from i mean buying regular apple juice is half the cost i'm getting it from your own apples and and half the work but that doesn't matter because it's like the thing that they buy so so for us it's like how do we make it all all we ever think about is like this lean uh-huh like how do we reduce time like how can we produce more juice faster how can we work less how can we make thousand liters per day instead of 500 meters per day and and it's really it's a really fun game it's like yeah so it doesn't feel like work at all i mean but it's still hard work i mean it's physically it's because you need to like i mean get my yearly exercise from from making it's ridiculous how how bad my shape is in in early august and how good my shape  in the end of September because I'm just been lifting like this 40 kilo boxes of apples or apple or bottles or you know there's a lot of lifting going on.

1:11:13 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  High intensity interval training but the interval is just a year.

1:11:21 - Victor Ahlm
  But that's why I'm also like maybe I shouldn't do like but then again like I would like find the way to make my profession my profession or that type of work that I do to into that kind of thing so it's like yeah so it's not about like just finding an assignment working for a boring company like this last project I had was just so uh it was just so uninspiring and like creativity wise just just killed every everything that's fun with UX design

1:12:01 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  This is big data platform for an insurance.

1:12:06 - Victor Ahlm
  I mean, it was like a back office library tool for media industry. Uh-huh. Damn.

1:12:15 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Is that it?

1:12:16 - Victor Ahlm
  Yeah. Yeah, it's similar to like a dam. yeah, we can also do like, they wanted some kind of like point and click query building solution where end users could build their own queries because they look for certain assets in certain collections of files because like they have their own like language of how they build their structure in their databases and for all types of, you know, captions, closed captions, audio tracks, video files, metadata, anything that comes with like an episode of a TV show.

1:12:53 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah.

1:12:54 - Victor Ahlm
  They have a massive structure that they built for it and it's Well, basically that's just like a back office solution.  There's a horrible design system made from food scrap, you know, and think about with like a million components where everyone uses the wrong component all the time and it's not maintained, not updated.  Looks like . You can't make any changes because they're already building things up with design, even though you know that in the end there are like Indian developers who don't even use, like there's not a component library in the code.  So they're still making the components as they go. So we couldn't change the design and no requirements. Requirements is basically a product manager in the US talking to us on a daily basis about what he wants.  Really stressed product manager, I assume. He wasn't that stressed, actually. He was quite chill. So that was good. Like if we would have been stressed, then I would have just, I would have probably left the project before it ended because then told him to work out.  It was just, that was horrible, but which I So made me feel like, okay, I need to step in and step this up, do something differently or like, I don't know.

1:14:09 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  No, I know what you mean. I think the project I'm about to enter today for the Norwegian company, it's probably going to be like that.  It has all the red flags and it's for me a clear example of like, not the stage of my life that I still need to do these sorts of projects.  But this is the sort of thing. It's not like, it's not awful. It's just like, oh my God, I could do something so much more interesting, right?  And it's a good reminder, I think sometimes. I think being forced by whatever situation to do these sort of things is useful to remind us like, oh, yeah, I remember, I don't want this.  And then you start, okay, okay, okay, I need to make moves on this stuff because otherwise I'll keep doing this stuff.

1:14:56 - Victor Ahlm
  yeah, I mean, it's I would say I'm getting more and more lacy for every year. So yeah, it's it's good to be reminded that like you need I mean it needs to suck if you want to make a change if you want.  Yeah, exactly I just think oh, I kind of like this, but let's just spend a lot of time and energy on making something else Why I could hang out with my son instead.  Exactly.

1:15:22 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I mean, and I have no kids. So that's That's different for me. But but yeah, I mean well Why come again you can hang out with your cat and why I mean Yeah, a little maintenance, but Anyway, Victor, I'll have to go in like five minutes or so, but This I really like this conversation Um, there's a guy I will send you I keep recommending his book to everyone And I think you'll love him because it's one of these like consulting consultants and he has a farm so  One of the things it says like your your non-work life needs to be more interesting than your work life because then you Don't try to make your work super interesting and This is counterintuitive, but make sense creative people when they try to make their job or their company super interesting They often get into these rabbit holes that clients on non failure, right?  So you waste a lot of time and the clients like yeah, I'm not going to pay for that or I don't want that And what he what he says is like I have a very interesting life and I want to get back to my life as soon as I can Yeah, and so my job my like my company is like I charge high money high prices and he explains Like the book is good, but I think you like this guy because it sounds yeah Yeah, it's Yes podcast as well.  So anyway, I'll do a bunch of stuff Don't feel obliged to watch it all or anything is just like just change  There will be no homework or saying there won't be like a test next time we talk you'll be like oh, so did you What did you think about the comments?  Yeah, I'm saying this because sometimes people Assume that right?

1:17:15 - Victor Ahlm
  Oh, I didn't read that thing you sent me I mean it's pointless if I walk around feeling bad for not looking at the material that you sent me because I think You really think I should read it or listen to That's what we do like we walk around Assuming things about other people.  I'm very good at that.

1:17:43 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'm very good at that.

1:17:44 - Victor Ahlm
  I think I'm an expert at that Yeah, yeah Really nice to see you Sounds the same you look the same.  It's amazing You look I even I have a beard but you didn't have anything before no I had a mustache at one point that was really a mustache that's this actually I met a girl we're basically a couple now and she was complaining because my eye she was like either you shave every morning or you get a beard because you're like my skin doesn't like your like sandpaper thing that you have going on I had that conversation as well and to be honest I was like are you serious do you think do you really think I could have a beard like I'm like I barely have any it's not that bad try it now it's like well as long as you like it because I'm not interested in I don't care what other people think and then yeah I kind of like it now it's good to have something to scratch you're like yeah yeah yeah it really helps it helps the problem  Yeah. What to do with my land and my house? I'll give you a tour outside next time.

1:19:09 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'll show you that. Do that.

1:19:11 - Victor Ahlm
  Show your domain.

1:19:13 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah.

1:19:14 - Victor Ahlm
  It was really nice talking to you, Joao. That's great. I really like talking to you.

1:19:18 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'm sorry forever to leave now, but... That's no problem.

1:19:21 - Victor Ahlm
  I need to make some lunch and continue with whatever I'm doing. I have serious work to do. There's stones that need to be moved from one place to another.  That's real work.

1:19:31 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  They will not move themselves. Anyway, thank you so much for being up for this. I had a great time.  Great to see you and happy to see that you're having a lot of adventures in your house and selling the apple juice and your kid and the tractor.  was really good.

1:19:50 - Victor Ahlm
  Nice. Thanks. I'd like to hear about you as well. Adios. Take care.

1:19:56 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Bye bye.