---
title: The super secret link - Jason Brown
date: '2025-04-17T11:00:00.000000Z'
duration: 47m
participants:
- João
- Jason Brown
source: https://fathom.video/calls/278902087
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:04:37.770402+00:00'
---

The super secret link - Jason Brown - April 17
VIEW RECORDING - 49 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/Qzc7x-W94NkNVxnL3m-xd-PxWsXjZd9E

---

0:00 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  the best words but digging around and finding that stuff so it's I think it has a comment because we sometimes don't get many signals that people are actually seeing what we're putting out online so that's that's great thank you yeah pleasure man I mean to add to that I didn't come across you online I was recommended you by a friend who went through recently and culled all the news letters that he was a part of and yours made the shortlist out of three and when I asked him like who should I be following because he's big into B2B services positioning messaging that kind of thing I don't know do you know Alex James I'm not sure if you know yeah cool so Alex James referred me to you and so when I asked like hey what what newsletters do you recommend he's like oh man yeah wow you got to check out his stuff um and so yeah that's how I came across you then just checked to look you up on on linkedin and then kind of been following your post in so then reading through your newsletter stuff I had to dig  around your website initially. And I'm like, this is kind of cool. It's actually right where like what I'm starting to do, but I didn't realize there was someone out there that was talking about this because it's kind of like, so specific.  Yeah. Yeah, I need this, but I just didn't have imagined there would be someone that would be able to help with that.  So that's the backstory just to give you a bit more clarity because I know I saw a recent post like, I posted for three months every day, reach is terrible.  is this, you know? Yeah. Don't do it for the rich. Yeah,  the rich. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so you were kind of saying, like, you you've had some engagement from that, but really a lot of it is internal skill honing.  Yeah. But you never know who's lurking in the shadows. And I've been surprised by that as well. No, that's amazing.  Thank you for saying that.

1:49 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I got to thank Alex for doing that. And because I spoke to Alex before, I know that this is late now for you and I really appreciate you making the time.  Thank you. That's right. It's not as late as for Alex.

2:03 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  I'm on the other side of Australia, so you can that. OK, OK, OK. It's 7 PM here, so it's not as bad.  OK, OK.

2:10 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  That's good to know. Sorry, I'm a bit, you got me all giddy. Basically, I'll start with a quick intro to take us from there.  I got really interested about that productizing expertise because I've noticed that that's what my browser history shows. Like, I like to learn about expertise as a topic.  And I was looking for things where I could do that that's related to my experience. And I had done a lot of workshops.  And I was like, I've been doing this. And I didn't realize I've been doing it like for friends and family that they have their own businesses and I create workshops for them.  And I was like, oh, maybe I should do it. And that's how I started out, speaking. around online and so on but I'd like to know more about about how you came into this productizing expertise thing.

3:07 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Sure people answer that just a question when was that that you kind of had that realization?

3:14 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I think two years ago so the the new narrative so I'm 38 and I've been doing workshops for maybe 12 13 years yes and something like that and when you like do workshops very often you're doing custom workshops for some clients and so on so you get used to crafting the workshop for the client right and then what start to happen maybe seven years ago was that I started to create workshops for experts that but this was like my wife she has a consulting company and then other friends knew about it was fairly down low on the down low it was not my main thing and then eventually I

5:00 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  But I didn't have a concept of the value yet and money was exchanged when value was delivered And so I spent a lot of money on get rich quick schemes trying to make a quick dollar without providing any value So blew a lot of money from Working up to a gap year after after high school Didn't needless to say that didn't turn out very well And so after the end of the year, like okay, this is not quite working My dad was pressuring me to go to university and get a normal job And so I did that started swinging towards my dad's side of the pendulum Started business bachelor of commerce because I was still holding out of my dream of owning a business Got a month in and realized these people just want me to write essays Failed English in school.  I want to learn about business Where's all the business people and so I realized they were training me how to work in a big corporate not be an entrepreneur So I left that I did my passion at the time which was computer science.  So coding software engineering Did really well teaching in university, fellow level teaching as well, and graduated, and worked for a big corporate branch because I figured if I go big, it's easier to go smaller afterwards because it's a fancy name when you're resume, whereas not always the case to go the other way.  And so yeah, I did that for a few years, realized, you know, this is cool, great experience, very cushy, but it's not quite what I wanted to do.  And felt like I'd gotten an appreciation of how value was created, working in the app department, online banking, creating products.  like, cool, it's actually a lot of effort. You create something worth something, and then people change money for that.  And so I'm like, okay, let's create a business. get get the idea of value creation now. So quit the bank.  I'm like, three step plan, gonna become a millionaire, right? Build an app, step two, launch the app, step three, make a million dollars.  So that was the plan. I got halfway through step one of building the app. I told myself I'm not allowed to actually build it.  I can only design it. I'm not allowed to build it until I know how I'm going to make money from this thing and I couldn't figure out that problem and so I stuck between I now had the tech skills but I didn't have a business skills and so I said okay let me hold up for now I got six months in let me pause out and I'll go work for a friend who is actually my brother-in-law now so he was my best friend in high school he's then married my sister and everyone forgot he's my best friend because now he's my sister's husband so yeah yeah yeah so anyway so I worked with him to to get over the mental mental roadblock of making my first dollar not from a job and so he kind of dragged me across that line and helped me do that I worked with him and I built his website I worked with marketing agencies to get some advertising set up and he was kind of the the expert on the ground he ran a CCTV alarm installation business so kind of hands-on manual labor but still expertise  is pairing. So that was my first experience with that. Learned a lot. mean, we didn't do, I think in six months we did about 70,000 in revenue.  This is Australian dollars, but we realized profit margins were super thin. Residential is like really difficult because it's really competitive.  There's a lot of overhead because the jobs are so small. And so you do a lot of admin for something that is like half a day's work or a day's work.  Anyway, that was the one job. I then got a job with my life insurance broker who I was chatting to on the phone with once and we hit it off.  He was like, Hey, look, you know, I need a website. Why don't you come work with me? And I started working with him after six months of building a site.  then decided to partner on something together. And a month into that I realized like, you know, I couldn't quite see the numbers working because it was lower ticket stuff with insurance, using the insurance space.  the plan was is my experience of the agencies working with the previous two businesses had always been maybe it's just the agencies that smaller businesses can afford but as a small business owner you can't pay much so agencies are forced to I guess take on a lot of clients deliver sub car work and so you don't get the results you want they tend to over performance under deliver but it's because they spread so thin and it's just I think their setup is quite difficult.  The last two years have been me building websites getting more passionate and interested in the concept of being an expert what makes some people an expert and others not and one thing that was quite interesting is if there's stat done by HIN or a study done by Hinge Marketing and they have a stat around they show different tiers of how well someone is known and how much extra that person can charge the highest tier says someone that's really well known can charge up to 13 and a  times more than somebody that's, that's not well known. The crazy part for me was realizing that the person that's well known and the person that isn't well known are both experts.  The only difference is how well they're considered to be experts. And that single point of how they appear in the mind of other people makes a drastic change to their business.  And so they started becoming more and more passionate around how does someone come across as an expert. so trying to work to that end with websites, how do we showcase businesses as experts so that they're seen as the catch instead of having to go fishing for leads every day.  And through that journey that's where I kind of bumped into Alex James a couple months ago. I actually saw him on TikTok, really liked it.  We redesigned half of his website for free and I said, hey, love what you're doing. Would love to finish this project for you.  Happy to do it for free. And he's like, this is amazing. Love your work. Let's hop on a call.  So we did that first page for free he ended up paying for the rest of the site and now we kind of meet every week And we bounce the years around because we have very similar businesses But I've been learning a lot from him about positioning and messaging and realizing that is that that is a massive piece that that business is miss out miss out on Like they want to be seen as an expert but the question to ask before then is what do you want to be seen as an expert in and so I've been spending a lot of time learning that Anyway, where I am at the moment.  So the last few months to be honest, I've been feeling like very burnt out in it. Well, I don't know if I don't really like the word burnt out, but struggling with motivation and dreading helping another client with Service work that takes so much effort to deliver on one hand We don't seem to get paid enough to do it and And that's probably just me being an inexperienced business owner and  no one wants to charge, but that's the second thing. My struggle historically is generally being delivery, not actually marketing.  I've found whenever I've created content, it's done reasonably well and I've got a decent number of inbound leads from that, but I can't sustain that because the delivery is so heavy.  so that's confined with the fact that I've realized really the strategy piece, especially if you can, because I'm a big fan of like, I really wanna help people.  So I don't like the idea of just developing a course and leaving people with that. I think that's great as a sub tier, but I'd really like to have some way to really help people in a one-on-one fashion that doesn't drain my time, but delivers massive outcomes from them.  And the realization from that was actually that the 20% that they're missing is not how to do the work, it's what work to work on.  Because how to do it is a lot easier to just outsource the people. you can tell them what you want and you have kind of like a checklist or guidelines on what to do.  I've been working more towards helping with that strategy piece and working with Alex, I've seen that he's basically a big fan of running workshops and the way he does, I don't know if you've seen any of his stuff, but it's always mind-blowing.  leave like at the end of the session like, dude, this is great. They're so well crafted, you leave with clarity and outcomes.  It's not just a presentation, but it leaves you feeling massively like you've made a lot of progress in such a short time.  Whereas delivering on work is the opposite, because it takes so much effort and people are like, they always underestimate how much effort it takes.  And so why are you charging so much for something that looks like so little? Whereas it's the opposite I find with the strategy piece.  It's like, man, we have such Clarity we have such clear idea on where to go next, but ironically it took way less effort and so That's kind of where I'm going to in terms of the future.  I've actually pause. I'm not taking on any new website our clients my Wife used to work with me a full-time.  She's a designer developer. She will be freelancing full-time So that's kind of how we will be surviving and the next three months I'm going to be basically doing a lot of writing realize the power of really just writing down ideas and Consolidating something that will form the basis of content.  I'd love to work towards Missing a video a day. I'm a big fan of video. I like I like creating video So I'd like to do videos instead of text and then also creating workshops off the back of that.  I have a bit of a Rough plan on where I want to go might be biting off a bit more than I can chew but really what I'd like to help with is Helping me to be service businesses doing at least a millionaire.  Maybe even five million a year up to probably around 50 million a year become industry leaders now that's That's a big claim and Alex is saying look maybe that that's a huge piece to bite off He's like if you do something a lot smaller it becomes a lot easier and more more repetitive So I'm not sure how best to go about that That's kind of actually chatter to him today and that that was his feedback today, but I'm finding over time I'm becoming more and more obsessed with the problem of not just how do you become an expert?  but how do you become an industry leader and a lot of it is creating new frameworks reflecting on the outcome you want to achieve and Correcting the current standard processes of how to get there documenting that process sharing and online And all of that follows a clear position and positioning and managing and so I've mapped that if it's helpful.  I'm happy to share my screen and I can show you kind of a rough road map I've mapped out but the goal is for me to follow that road map document my journey Create workshops from now  And that'll be the path that I'll take people through. So I feel like I spoke for agents. Hopefully that was some of them.  No, this is useful.

17:09 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I've made paper notes. not just patent but also paper, sliced trees.

17:13 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  love to use sliced trees.

17:18 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So first, thank you for the context. This was also all very illuminating because it gives me a window into how you think about stuff, what kind of things you've been experimenting with, so on.  What kind of conversations you're having. And so this is useful. Thank you. And so I'll start from the top and go back to the start.  I do tend to agree with Alex that a smaller outcome will be easier, especially in the time frame that you have.  Because this, I think it's harder. to sell perhaps because it's not a big dream to sell like oh I'll just make you a little better but I think you probably know how to sell things because of what you told me but the point is doing a lot of smaller things allows you to create case studies right and even like when I try to help with help clients with like a larger transformation there's so many other things that get stuck in the years like they get distracted with client work or something and I have done my thing but they didn't take it all the way to the to the finish line in my case that it becomes a little bit you know so I tend to agree with Alex on that but just at that point you didn't ask for this feedback I'm pretty open so I love I love being challenged I love feedback so be brutal bring transparent I don't get offended yeah got it you got it uh what's happening no and so struggling with delivery

20:00 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Like they mispriced it, right? yeah. They would see a single landing page for us. We could spend 40 hours, 50 hours on that for figuring out the direction, writing the copy, tweaking the branding, doing the design, and building the page.  So that's 50 hours. Like if the pricing as an agency has like 200 an hour, we should be charging $10,000 for a single page, which is a lot.  Now, some people are actually happy to pay that. I'm realizing in the B2B service base that they're a certain size.  They're happy to pay that. But a lot of businesses I find are like, oh, wow, that's expensive. Expensively expected, maybe a quarter of that.  And I think it's because maybe they don't see the difference in value. And maybe that's maybe a lacking of me really selling that between ticking a box of having a page and delivering something that's a bit more custom.  So you're going from having something to having something good. And that's probably the difference. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, the problem I have with selling that with the website is it feels like a part solution to me.  And maybe the problem is I need to target clients where that's the less of the case. But what is it, the best solution?  A part, like a single piece. Oh, yeah. Not a complete solution.

21:20 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Mm-hmm. Yes. For a lot of businesses, it's like they have a great website.

21:23 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  It's like awesome. We've solved that problem. Now they have a way better perception online. But there's still so much more work to do in order for them to really get a return from that.  Now, that's something that I struggle with. Maybe I shouldn't be struggling with that. But that's the reason that I can't like the end-to-end problem or at least a problem that has some kind of tangible outcome.  Like, for example, if you said we're just going to focus on content and help you get your content set up, it's like, cool.  We've delivered an outcome that we can actually measure and impact from. Whereas a website, it's like you could have an amazing website.  It could be the best website in the world, but it's just sitting there and they're not really doing any activities to run traffic to it, or it's a bit hard to measure, especially in the B2B space where it's really low volume.  I guess, yeah, maybe I struggle with that. It's probably just the ME thing, but anyway. No, I think I understand what you mean.

22:22 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Also, I think sometimes it's a little bit of a Trojan horse, right? A client thinks they need the website, because that's the language they understand.  They come to you, they ask for a website, you create a website, but you know that there's other things, but they don't get the other things until they're ready to understand the other things, right?  And sometimes a website can be like, you're way into their organization, and then you build that relationship. Like, what did you do with Alex, right?  Anyway, sorry, but I think I understand your point. The picture I'm painting in my head is like, you see the website, and correct me if I'm wrong.  website as part of an ecosystem of things that they must do and have and by itself it's not enough it is necessary but it's not enough it's foundational but it's not enough right and is this accurate roughly correct yeah and often if if i had to draw up a roadmap i would say the website is probably step two or three yeah yeah yeah so is this about i interrupted your point just go ahead okay i was going to clarify step one and two but it's not important so would this would it make sense to say that compressing the time or the effort for the website and creating more space for the other stuff is this what you're looking for i'm i'm still working that out at this point i'm kind of feeling like

24:00 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  stopping to do any website hands-on delivery work as done for you services and focus on the plan is and I'm kind of like now being challenged with it I'm not yeah for sure sure but the initial plan was let's document the process around how to become an industry leader now on the one end of the spectrum maybe that's just content newsletter and maybe some kind of sponsorships or just a content type business in the beginning anyway until there's enough marketing traction and maybe some of the funny because I don't really like sponsorships I'd probably rather do a few calls a week with clients and share learnings and then get sponsors I just think that the exception I don't like that and then on the other end it's like a case still do done for you so  than you that is marketing. But I'm finding it's very hard to go back and forth. So I would rather like I'd really enjoy doing the marketing side.  most business owners don't want to do marketing. It's like, I just want to do marketing. Like that's, that's what I like, marketing and then chatting to people in a manageable way so that I can still do marketing.  And by marketing, mean researching, documenting a process, sharing that with the world. I know off the back of that, I'll be able to build some business.  I know it's kind of broad. Broad probably works better for maybe newsletters, but obviously for a service business, it doesn't work as well.  That's kind of what I'm, I'm now nothing out. But I want to be more on the content only slash content done with you, right?  As you would say, shoulder to shoulder and get rid of the done for you services altogether refer to people maybe to get it done help with like reviewing the quality controls, setting the direction, but  Not actually diving into the work because I just I never get time for the content stuff Which is actually what I love and I think I'm decent at and where I can add value Yeah, there's a lot of books behind you.

26:09 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So Now again, thank you for the extra context because there's no one's here that I was not touching on too So There's a guy I think I don't know if you follow him is Liam Curley is his dish and It does this like this content thing and I never actually spoken to him other than DM But we've had like a common client that he hired me for the workshops and he hired Liam for the content and And I understood that maybe Liam is Doing the kind of thing you want to be doing which is like these thoughts partner to help pull out the expertise out of the clients  Maybe they'll help them frame it and create content out of it. But it's acting a lot like in my understanding, as this siphon out of an expert that doesn't even know what they know.  it's just, you know, I may be familiar with unconscious, unconscious and conscious. So I think that's the kind of quadrant Liam operation and the way you've described it.  I'm thinking like it's maybe not the same thing, but it's related to that. a magnet to pull out those.  Yeah, I think that's definitely a part of it.

27:46 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  The step before that I think would be what is the process to becoming an industry leader? What do industry leaders do in order to become one?  Now that's probably going to be maybe a two-year journey or whatever the might look like depending on the industry.  three, how competitive it is, and depending on the business. But knowing what to do is really that step one, that strategy piece.  And then it's, OK, now actually taking action on doing it. And yeah, part of that is extracting those insights, helping them get clarity on, first of all, positioning messaging.  what customers should you be targeting? Who do you add the most value to? What should you be selling them?  often people sell everything to everyone in marketing. You could come up with one flagship product, sell that. So it's all of this kind of like basic stuff, right?  That maybe we would consider basic, but most business owners don't know because they're experts in their area and they don't know so much about sales marketing from what I've found, like in the B2B services space, they're still learning that kind of stuff at a few million a year type thing.  But yeah, for sure. I mean, I can show you, I've kind of done up a rough route.

28:54 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, I'll take it, I'll take it.

28:57 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Okay, cool. Just curious, sorry, before I dive into that. What did you want to get out of this call?

29:03 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Actually, we went into a different direction. But what I wanted to do was to maybe tell you about the book and how I'm thinking about getting, recruiting people to either me telling them how to do the things in the book, like me test driving the book, like teaching you how to run a workshop.  That's valuable for me as well because I can see like the way I'm explaining this is connecting. And the other thing was also to ask people about how they're using planning to use workshops.  So basically there's like teaching conversations and learning conversations. And this is the way I'm organizing this like better reader kind of thing.  But then in our introduction, we started to go in this direction. But yeah, so that was my plan for this call.

29:53 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Did you want to pivot back to that plan? We can do it.

29:57 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Actually, I think maybe we'll get something more. are tangible out of it if we just close that loop and then maybe I think like you I'm always trying to be helpful and like oh yeah we're going into this direction I have opinions so you know it feels right so basically so maybe this is also interesting an interesting metagame for you um so I read the book write useful books I don't know you've read it I really like it and um there was also another person that wrote a few books on other things around my kind of thing and that person told me that they wrote books to figure out what they think about something right or to actually there's like David C Baker said this and Dave Gray also said Dave Gray is the one I was talking they said I wanted to know a learn about sales so I wrote the book as a forcing function to really you know get an opinion on things and get  And I like this idea because it introduces a level of discipline that just not pondering about things does not blame itself to.  So I like you know what I've been reading about this stuff on different in different places. Let's write a book about this.  So I started to to write the book. I'm aiming at 40,000 words. Still I'm going through the first draft.  I've never written a book. I mean I think my English is okay, but I'm not a native. So probably there's like all sorts of quirks in the writing and so on.  But one of the things that the book that I read, which is called Write Useful Books says is that you treat the book as a product that you iterate on, right?  Don't write a book and then publish it. Write a book and try to help people apply the things you're teaching in the book.  Because that's the only way you can make a book that people will recommend. And this is very important because right now thousands of  e-lens of books are published every year. So there's no way for people with strong PR machines to get to the top of the list.  The only way for you to make something that's worth it is to make a book that addresses a problem so well that it becomes like a classic in that kind of place, which the business of expertise is exactly like this.  Everyone that is doing this, at some point, comes across the business of expertise, because it's really good in that sense.  But it's not a New York Times bestseller. So the trick is, you need to make your book really useful.  And to make your book really useful, you must test book.

32:43 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  That's it.

32:43 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So that's what I'm looking for with the Better Readers. And there's the two ways I said about testing the book, me testing how to teach this.  the way you explain this thing, I don't get it. I don't see the point in it. And I'm like, oh, maybe the language, or the internet.  Allogies I'm using are not very good. And the other aspect of this is learning about your conflicts, right? Like, oh, when you say workshops, the thing that you mean is not the thing that I thought you meant.  This is useful information, right? So I'm putting together a few batches of better readers. I don't want all the better readers to go at once.  And I'm not ready yet to share, like, a manuscript. But I'm ready to have these conversations like more guided conversations into tell about how you use your workshops or how you came across workshops, what captures, what's the language used to talk about workshops, basically?  It's your mental model of workshops. So for this conversation we're having right now, ideally, I would explain this to you, which I just did.  You give it a think and you figure out, you know what? Yeah, I'm open to having, I don't know, maybe.  for conversations over the course of three months where we'll go over these things and that's it.

34:07 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Cool. Nice. That is awesome. Kudos, first of all. you. Pretty good mission to start out on and I think in some ways I relate to that in the sense that my goal in creating workshops is to actually figure out and document the process around becoming an industry leader because obviously it's not something I've done and it's not something I've helped the business do.  So it's in one of those it's kind of an awkward stage in the sense that why are you teaching something that you haven't done but I think it's the reason of helping collect and collate snippets of that because you'd have like the well-known business leaders like Alex Salmosi or those kinds of people  But the advice is scattered. It's not relevant to B2B services for every video and not every video is relevant to being an expert.  example, sending cold emails has a negative perception on how much of an expert you come across. therefore if you want to be an expert, cold emails is probably not the channel for you.  So it's having that filter helps get people to think through it. So yeah, I can definitely relate to the whole creating something to actually force me to think through a process.  A book, maybe version two, I would like to write a book one day, but at the moment it's actually creating playbooks and workshops off the back of that.  Yeah, yeah. No, totally.

35:40 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  think it was around December or something. Client work was just slowing down because of the holidays. And I had some time and I wrote a document called My Method.  It's not a document I share, it's just for myself. How do I work? What do I believe in? I'm back.  I'm sorry. I have some sort of tab later when when I added a new thing it was less than so basically I want to go through the whole thing but just to show you like the structure like what is expertise why it's why is it hard to sell expertise what are workshops you know and just I just wanted to answer this for myself and you know it's less than 10 pages and this was in itself like a useful exercise to figure out how I think about this stuff and some of these I think they have changed slightly not immensely but there's  there's more noise now. But I think it's a cool exercise if you're into that kind of thing. It's very low risk.  It just forces you to state things that have been on your mind for a while. Cool.

37:14 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Awesome. Thanks for sharing. That's really cool. Okay. No problem.

37:20 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So yeah, I've explained to you the thing about the book, what I'm thinking about the book, and maybe now you can think about this.  If you're interested in joining these conversations, what to learn and to tell me more about your context. Yeah. Don't feel pressure.  I'm very okay with you saying, you know what, I need some time to think about this because these three months will be hectic and so on.  I'd love to have your help on this, but I don't want to put you in a position that they just say yes, but you won't have the benefit.

37:56 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  No, not at all. I'd let you know if that was the case. I think this is yeah I think this would be mutually helpful I think there's a lot of synergies between what you're seeking to do and the journey that I'm sitting out on and so I think from your point of view like I'm planning to go down this road either way and so it'll allow you to tap into that and likewise you're planning to go down that your road either way and so it seems like we might as well share learnings a long way and help each other go further faster yeah and I think we're I think we're kind of playing them the same metagame on many levels right so creating a career out of our unique quirks building the translating the the the curiosity into legible competence on the markets so that people see the value of these fascinations that we have around this topic and also dealing with the fact that

39:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Um, we are we are competing in the market not with each other but with other people that do this sort of thing So we need to stand out.  I think we're doing kind of many of the same things But not on the same topic.

39:12 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  It's a related topic, but I don't think it's the same topic So, yeah, I I think many times we're not in any agreement on like, yes, I get what I mean Yeah, yeah I've found with alex james has been helpful Doing different things but having the same view because Yeah, it means more thought is put into things whereas often if it's different like let's say I'm a coach in health and wellness and I want to start creating workshops on how to better xyz I'm not necessarily spending as much time thinking about expertise.  I'm thinking about my domain Whereas because my domain now is becoming expertise. I think a lot about so often alex and I will exchange Different stories we tell to illustrate similar points  Oh, really like that, that kind of thing. So we've had value exchange that way. So I think that could be helpful.  Just one thing that I want to call out just to make sure that it's not going to be a problem with you, because I'm also, again, if it's not a fit for you, I'm also OK with that.  In terms of the workshops, what I'm wanting to do is start by documenting a process, getting my thoughts out of my head, very similar to the document that you created, doing a wider research once I've emptied my head, and then turn that into adjustable workshops and kind of breaking it down.  I'm not sure yet how best to go and monetize and turn that into a business, because I would like a business bigger than me.  I don't want to be the marketer and the person doing it. And so in the meantime, I'm thinking, OK, how can I document and share, build up a bit of a...  a following or a base or become known for something and build newsletters subscribers as well to have people to message when the time is ready.  In the beginning, I might be very selected with who I'm taking on. I don't want to say, cool, let's scale up and do heaps of this.  I'm going to be very selected with maybe in the beginning, I'm not going to take on anyone while I'm getting my thoughts down.  And then when I have something, might be, I'm just going to run one person or maybe two people through things and beta testers.  Then from there, I'm not sure, maybe I hire someone straight away and they continue to help me refine and run the process while I focus on marketing.  So that's the bit I'm still working out. I'm not too sure what those numbers look like because I had numbers.  Alex James is kind of like, that's going to be hard to reach because I'm like, okay, you know, one person can maybe work with five, six clients and Alex is like, yeah, this kind of work could be a bit tricky to do with that number of clients at one go.  He works normally with a a couple of clients a month, I'm like, okay, yeah. So there's a few question marks there, but I know I want to create content.  I know the people that I'm targeting have money. I know this is a valuable problem. So I feel like that's the foundation of a good business.  I'm still working out, how do I scale that? How do workshops fit into that? I do see the value of them because it is delivering an outcome without effort outside of the meeting, which is great for both delivery and consumption because clients are busy.  give them tasks to do at a time, but they can show up to a meeting and give you their full attention.  So I think that's a great way to really do that. And it's inherently more valuable than a meeting because it's outcome-based with the defined process.  So you're not spending an hour, you're spending, you're basically taking the last six months of research and consuming it in one go.  And so yeah, I think it's a great way to deliver it. But yeah, just wanted to call. Specifically, I'm not sure how, like, I'm not planning to, like, smash, yeah, let's run heaps of workshops now.  I'm still trying to work that bit out. So just wanted to make sure that, like, I'm going to be creating them, but I don't know how it's going to be consumed yet and what that's going to look like.  I'll do the trial running things, but that's probably it. I just don't want to go around the circle again of, like, too busy delivering that I don't actually have time to continue to market and grow the business and work on the business, essentially.  No, thank you for saying that.

43:31 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I think it's very nice that everything is so transparent. Perfect. mean, I have no expectations around the volume of workshops you'll be doing.  I do think that eventually one of the good things about them is that because they formalize a way of collaborating, they are a way of upskilling somebody that you hire, right?  Because, and this is not me trying to sell you on workshops. I think you're convinced that they could be  or not, so it's not about that, so because workshops in a sense are like a sandbox that you create to do specific things with your clients and they rely a little bit more on structure than just you know conversations, they also tend to make it easier to upskill at least a little bit people that you hire that tell them look this is how I work, this is how that method manifests itself in the meetings that we have that take the shape of a workshop and at the end of the workshop we usually have these sorts of results so this is like a standard I'm holding you to and for someone joining your organization I mean this is a little bit more tangible on what they need to do so even if you yourself don't run workshops the forcing function of trying to come up with a workshop will probably I cannot promise but I'm pretty confident will probably help you get  other people to do that thing, but I mean we'll cross that bridge if we need to when we get there, but I appreciate that you just wanted to be very clear about expectations so that that's very fun.  Cool.

45:11 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Sweet, awesome. Yeah and I agree with that. I think having an agenda plus recordings of going over the agenda makes it way easier to train someone as opposed to every meeting is somewhat different and you have to plan for it.  Yeah, absolutely.

45:28 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So perfect. if you're I'll send you, so there's a final thing. In the past I've tried to make like the start of collaborations and you know they always start very well because you know people are energized and so on, but I like to book end them just to know like when we get there and it doesn't turn into this thing people keep rescheduling, rescheduling, rescheduling, it just fades out.  So I was aiming for four conversations. um kind of longer conversations maybe 90 minute conversations okay and spread out maybe one once every two weeks once every two three weeks and just using a tiny call to schedule them and then we I'll share everything with you and uh and that's it do you mind if I after this conversation I sent you an email with this like next steps sure yeah sounds great yeah yeah yeah that's that works for me I think that also does well with giving enough time to work through things yeah and so yeah because a week can be a bit short sometimes to actually action and think through so yeah two three weeks is good yeah good good and I don't think that are much the homework even like when I'm teaching you I don't think that you'll it will be amazing but I don't think it this will only work if you can run a workshop in between such  Right, I think that would be very difficult If we get to it great, but just you know getting your perceptions of is it click in is it not click in?  That's that's already very important for me. So I Don't want to turn this into like a huge commitment time commitment on your side No, I appreciate that.

47:19 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Yeah, I didn't think that necessarily be homework, but more so a chance of me to apply things because what I think works well is I I'm literally getting started with this over the next week or two where you know I've just kind of turned away a client today saying hey look, you know, we're actually going in a different direction And so I'm really trying to slim down my work to One day a week so that I have four days to focus on Yeah, then the next step of Getting stuff up my head doing research Mm-hmm  all of that. No, that's good. That's good.

48:02 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So, well, this was great. Great meeting you. Thank you for I think, yeah, I think we shared some some perspectives at least at least some I think quite a lot.  And so this was very cool for me. Thank you for being game for it.

48:19 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Likewise, no problem at all. Cool.

48:22 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So say hi to Alex if you speak to him, I'll send him a message and I'll send you an email with like, next steps and so on.  I'm very happy that you're in.

48:33 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Sounds good, man. Yeah, happy to help keen for the journey keen to learn from you. So yeah, sounds great.  Thanks for your time.

48:40 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Thank you. Have a nice one.

48:42 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Thanks. Bye.