---
title: Tash talk Workshops
date: '2025-03-10T13:30:00.000000Z'
duration: 30m
participants:
- João
- Tash Peskin
source: https://fathom.video/calls/249789233
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:14:00.714471+00:00'
---

Tash talk Workshops - March 10
VIEW RECORDING - 40 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/zYL9xsdueV4my669WX2fxSjTFZske11H

---

0:02 - Tash Peskin (boring.industries)
  João, okay sound so i i'm i'm really sorry my portuguese is but it's it's so funny because that's i kid you not i think that's the first question on like that 30 of the calls i've been flirting around the idea of just having like an internet name j yeah j yeah but everyone everyone's j so anyway but don't worry about it because obviously you know people want to you you you obviously you know it's an it's not an international name but people want to be able to pronounce it properly and so that will take up the first part of the conversation for sure it's fine it comes from a good place right uh thank you so much for jumping on this course so last minute i saw your video when you were just on holiday or was that an old video okay um i saw it uh you did that kind of lovely little  chart and then I just it got me thinking and then I was exploring a little bit about what you do which I think is a really fascinating niche.  I've never seen anybody else do that or design workshops in that way and so I don't know if you managed to click on my website when I've messaged you but I have just launched a new agency called Boring and the whole proposition for Boring is about transforming the world's dullest industries right so like I'm looking the dullest of dull, haulage, logistics, manufacturing like as deep into B2B as you can get and my reasons for doing that are because I have spent the last sort of 20 years mainly in B2C so I've been doing you know like  brand stuff for very glamorous clients and a lot of luxuries sorry my cat was there I don't know I have a cat as well I understand oh it wants to be let out somewhere and then immediately want to come back in yeah  So, where was I? So yeah, I've been working in the B2C world for almost 20 years and then spotted this opportunity to bring branding to really commoditize B2B industries.  And the reason for that is because in those worlds, brand could actually have the most impact because it's so commoditized and people are just sort of selling very similar products and services with very little differentiation and brand can provide that opportunity.  The challenge that I have is I know that even so do we just kind of backstep a little bit.  The name Boring was chosen because I really wanted to weed out the really unself-aware clients. I wanted them to know that they were boring or at least that their businesses were being perceived as being boring.  but wanted to have the kind of energy and vision to do something not boring in their industry. So that's why I called it boring because I knew that 99% of my clients would go, we're not boring.  That's really insulting. Go away. A 1% would say, yeah, we are really boring, but this industry is really boring, but we don't have to be.  The challenge that I have is that even with the best and most visionary CMOs in the world, they are always going to come up against, especially in those industries that are very risk-averse and very conservative, they are always going to come up against the challenge of why invest in brand.  So when they're speaking to their CEOs and their stakeholders, they'll always challenge it. Well, why do we need a brand?  We're doing just fine as we are and what does, what difference, what value does brand actually bring? And so one of the things that I wanted to create was a workshop that people, it's kind of like a little  place though. would be like the first step of brand strategy anyway. It's kind of like an ambition setting, but it's an opportunity for the CMO or the marketing director to get all the stakeholders in the business, you know, the sales, the CFO, the CEO, all the kind of key department leads in a room.  And not just discuss what the ambitions are for the business, but discuss how brand can influence that and add value to their or at least create the kind of tracks for that objective to be met.  And I've started to seed it in to clients, but I haven't, look, I've launched boring so quickly and it's all been like really fast.  I haven't even got round to creating the workshop, so I've kind of like selling it. I haven't got it.  And I think that's where I was really interested in your skillset. Because I really want to I really want to productise it.  think it's just such an easy win For me to create this workshop and then just go around Selling that rather than selling people do brats.  That's just gonna cost you a hundred and fifty grand I can say hey, let's do a workshop with your stakeholders that will get everyone aligned around what the kind of key challenges are to overcome for the business and then How brand can help solve that?  And that kind of empowers the CMO to have a bit more of a business function in the in the in the room because Normally marketing's not seen as a function that kind of adds impact to The bottom line which is crazy Which is crazy and so it kind of empowers them to have them You know more power in the room and it also is a way for them to  Like one of the things that I've found quite often is that you will get a brief from a CMO Then you'll be it will be amazing how actually when you start talking to the CEO and the other C suites How little alignment there are on certain things.  I still haven't decided whether they want to be a you know productivity tech or they want to be you know, like creative tech or you know, like there's key things that have not been agreed upon As part of the business strategy that I think brand strategy helps to them to align on in one in one in one go So yeah, I'm really interested in what you do because whilst I am a strategist and that is kind of my job to create workshops I I also just know where to begin with it and I want to make it like you know Super powerful, but super repeatable really easy to do I can deliver workshops.  That's no problem But I just want a format and a and a like really Yeah a smart workshop basically that I can sell to potential clients is the brief.  So yeah, I was really interested in what you're doing. Thank you. Thank you for the interest.

7:10 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Thank you for the context. There's, I have a lot of questions. So I give you like that quick preview of the way the ways of working and I I trust that that's enough for like the understanding of that.  So I think the first question that comes to my mind is you've mentioned that you have experience with workshops so you've seen the power of workshops and maybe I'm shooting myself in the foot here but it's not immediately clear to me why a workshop would convince like the boring guys at the company.  I mean I understand the power of workshops but would they join the workshop? they? Some people have been burned with bad work.  up to like HR and holding kind of thing. Yeah, you can go on finish.

8:08 - Tash Peskin (boring.industries)
  But does it make sense?

8:09 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  My question like is this I mean, it's fair point.

8:11 - Tash Peskin (boring.industries)
  guess I'm intuitively going on my own experience that when I have predominantly I'm going to be working with marketing directors and CMOs.  And they tend to understand brand because that's their world. But the CFO and the CEO have no  clue. They just think it's a logo.  And we've had the same logo for the last 50 years. Why do we need a new one? Or why do we need, you know, a new you know, new tone of voice or whatever it is that they think brand is.  And I think there's a bit of a brand strategy before that, which is setting the foundations of the company the behaviors and the actions of what the company does.  And that can trickle through every corner of the business from product innovation to HR to who you employ to I mean, everything it kind of is the  eat next step down from business strategy. So once they kind of set what their North Star is for where the business needs to go, brand strategy is like, well, how are we going to get there?  We're going to get there by doing these things across the business from, you know, innovation all the way through to HR, sales and marketing.  And the brand, the umbrella for that, so it kind of, you know, essentially contains, and you can distill it, or at least I believe you can, distill, or should be able to distill that brand down to one idea.  And that idea can then have, you know, you can show how that idea is then impacted through your sales and marketing, through your HR, through absolutely your onboarding, through innovation, through everything.  And so, yeah, my thinking, and in the past when I've done these workshops, because traditionally a lot of those C-sweets have very pragmatic, very rational jobs.  It allows them to step into a bit of a kind of blue sky space. They get rid excited by the fact that they can think and have ideas that they never normally ever get.  And it's kind of the funnest part of the fair week, you know, you do workshops, it's like, you'll suddenly, I remember being in a workshop with the CEO of a telcon company, and I don't think I heard him speak ever on any of the phones, the calls that we had, and any of the presentations.  in this workshop, he was so excited, because even though it a creative workshop, so we were looking at kind of different directions that a brand can go in, so kind of ownable space that you could have, whether it was around convenience, or whether it was around speed, or whether it was around seamlessness.  And even though he's not a particularly creative person, and he wasn't kind of offering anything of creative value to necessarily the brand direction, he was really engaged with it.  And I think that's the really exciting part, is that if CMO can start to plant the seed in the rest of the business minds that Brand has huge value, then they can start to get people excited about it.  Well, this is what it's going to mean for employees. going to make hiring so much easier, because we'll now know what kind of talent we need to hire, what are the values that they need to bring to the table, what are the behaviors that we need to see in them.  It's going to make our marketing more effective, because we'll have a really clear idea of what our proposition is and where to go to market.  So I think my hope is that at the end of the session, people will be really excited by the idea of branding in a world where that doesn't exist.  Everyone in B2C gets it. Everyone knows that if you want to launch a new car brand or a new shoe brand, then the brand is what you're selling.  But nobody in B2B, in those really sort of deep B2B worlds, gets that. Yeah, you're right question there. I don't know.

12:02 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It's a test So one of the things I Think the scene that seems synthesis of what came to me was Focusing on boring industries that are self-aware enough to know that they are boring.  It's I love it and one of things that that It makes Makes me think about is So this is a weird time in history for me to use this phrase, but I think you'll get it This is like branding behind enemy lines, right?  Yeah, okay because it's I Would assume that these CMOs are sometimes feeling misunderstood or undervalued You know and people not really getting the importance of what they have Cmo's have the lowest tenure of any C-suit right like they don't last for a long time They're constantly, know expectations don't make sense for what kind of conditions did  Yeah, so what I'm thinking is if you're positioning as as as boring industries is this like let's make boring, let's work with boring and make it better and yeah there's a sense to me of equipping the CMOs without to operate in that in that environment, right?  How to create influence, how to toot their own horn, how to you know all these things that you know about.  Yeah and it made me think if that's the product like for the Taster project like help the CMOs like the first engagement and maybe this is not the time for me to start you know spotting out ideas just sorry thinking with a pencil thinking with a pencil um yeah maybe that's a very interesting like first product for a CMO like they have a budget for themselves and they're like I want to increase my influence and maybe a workshop to help them  converts like their ideas for the brand into something that would be available for the suits. And of course, yeah, it's also a possibility of using workshops for this.  I think these also frames you as a trusted advisor. It's the beginning of a beautiful relationship.

14:20 - Tash Peskin (boring.industries)
  I think it's kind of one step, I guess, before that I was thinking of, which kind of, I 100% agree this is about equipping a CMO with the tools to be able to show the rest of the team, the real value behind what not just they do, but also what brand can bring to the table.  My reason for doing a workshop is because it gets me face to face with some of the decision makers.  But I also do think you're totally right. You just need to crack the door open with maybe even a lower cost kind of entry point, which is just the CMO.  Is that what you're imagining? the CMO or the marketing team maybe and that's like a workshop for how they can kind of increase their influence internally.

15:09 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yes I think that's how I'm thinking about it because I understand the land and expending like let's get like seven different functions and they get to know me but that's also riskier right for the CMO if they have never worked with you like am I going to risk this political capital I don't know I like cash but could we find a way of doing a little bit of both like helping these guys or girls I'd say guys all the time by the way so these people these professionals and I really get ready for this big thing and I think your experience with dealing with I understood from your introduction that you've worked with many brands right yeah so you have the pattern  Commission that maybe the CMO doesn't have because they live in their own world, right? You have seen you know how to navigate this.  Yeah That's very useful. So Could we maybe I don't know I'm thinking could we maybe find a way of having this lower thing or Easy thing to say yes to both in terms of cost and time and political exposure and Connect that thing immediately to a next step.  Yeah Intuitively it seems that this is possible. I'm not exactly the shape of it, but it seems that this is possible.

16:35 - Tash Peskin (boring.industries)
  I sense that yeah, it makes sense to you that makes total sense to me and I think you're right because the way and the other thing I've got to think about is cost because the The size that I want to go after is around a hundred K for branding and that's just to get to brand guidelines and There's kind of rationale behind that because  Well, A based on experience, I mean like some of the big brands that I've worked on, worked on via agencies have spent, you know, half a million a million pounds on branding, but I'm not expecting my first year to even touch that.  So based around kind of revenue and size of business and what I feel like we could kind of handle in the first year, I want to go after 100k, 150k briefs.  I therefore need to price what I do, like a sort of door opener accordingly, and the workshop that I was thinking of, the one, the sort of alignment workshop, I priced at about 10 and a half K.  So, which didn't to me seem like a lot of money for a lot of these businesses. bearing in mind, my first client, they multi-billion dollar clients, they turn over 36 billion dollars a year and they still literally are like  hammering me on price. They don't get rich for nothing, right? Yes. So I have to be really, I have to price it, so it's such a mind game, isn't it?  I don't know if you've got, you must have experienced this, but I have to price it enough for it to be like something that the CMO can sign off without any quibbles.  It just kind of goes in there in their monthly spend, but valuable enough that it doesn't make us look cheap.

18:30 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yes. And this is like the third time, well, not this week, because we just changed weeks, but this is the common thing that people talk to me about, which is like, okay, I need an entryway.  People sometimes call it the wedge offer, zero customer acquisition offer, gateway offer, all these different things.

18:51 - Tash Peskin (boring.industries)
  It all means the same thing, right?

18:52 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And there's always this kind of a tension between, need to make it cheap enough that it's easy to say yes to, but not so cheap that...  it poisons the rest of the relationship and anchors me at. So my current thinking on this is that it needs to be cheaper than the other thing, but relatively expensive compared to its peers, right?  So what I'm thinking is, let me organize my thoughts. So I think there's two ways around this. Let me, I'm a visual person, as you could tell.  I think there's two ways around this. I think one way is an expensive thing, which is like, the bad example, right?  This is a silly example. I call it the bronze, the silver, and the gold. bronze. The bronze example is, up to me if you are a CMO, swimming upstream in an industry that doesn't get it, know, and this cost a thousand, are you thinking in pounds or a thousand to our conversation, I don't know.  And another way that maybe this could also work is kind of a lead magnet sort of thing on a session.  Not a PDF, not a, of course I'm partial to workshops, but not a PDF, not a video course, not something like that, like a session, and you could even see this session with some friendly CMOs that you know would participate and there's like some brand recognition and stuff like that.  I think this is also powerful, but it's a little bit more coordination heavy, right? So, okay, a few thoughts on this.  Let me think about it on how I can make some suggestions. There's no, don't owe me anything for that, it's just an email, we're opening a relationship, that's fine.  And I will also send you, if this makes sense to you. Because you have a lot of experience working with these people.  Have you ever formalized your own mental model of how they think? Of how to think, CMOs?

21:29 - Tash Peskin (boring.industries)
  Oh, yes. Okay, so this is an interesting challenge that I have which really is keeping me awake at night, which is that I have obviously come from B to C world, where there are obviously a lot of challenges in that world, but one of them is definitely not setting in the idea of creativity and emotion in marketing and branding, the idea of storytelling and narrative.  And that is for sure my strength is that I can bring narrative stories, telling to very dry well and I truly believe in the power of that.  The problem is that is that is a really intangible idea and it's a really intangible viewpoint. You cannot ever really prove there's lots of studies that kind of adjacently might support the argument that emotion and branding or a motive storytelling in branding is usually adds a lot of value to all sorts of areas of the business but you can't ever tangibly prove it and the one thing that really worries me is that in B2B market tiers are more rational, even more rational than data led and that is a world that terrifies me.  I'm not particularly adept in it. I would be lying if I could sit here and hold one hour conversation around ROIs and account-based marketing and all the other  acronym, data led nonsense that they  didn't talk about. Because in my mind, if you can galvanize people around a really great idea, and it doesn't have to be, I'm not talking about story telling in a kind of traditional advertising sense, I'm just talking about building a business or something that means something beyond the commodity, beyond the product, beyond the features.  And that's really hard, that's a really hard story to tell to a lot of B2B marketers, because they are very concerned with attribution and all the other kind of data led marketing.  No, no, I totally get you.

23:45 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'm also more of an expressive, qualitative and a person. And at some point in my career, was supposed to be creating credit models on Excel, and that was a huge liability for the company, because I'd  I cannot calculate anything out of it. I'm bad with numbers. I was like, what am I doing this I?  Understand like oh, yeah, the world it's not even that I'm bad at numbers because I actually wanted to be there.

24:12 - Tash Peskin (boring.industries)
  It's more of a and I Just think that is the death of Creativity yeah, yeah, that's out of creativity is focusing on all the wrong kind of data points and actually not relying on human intuition Which is ultimately data points anyway I mean literally data, so And I count myself as being very good at that being very intuitive marketing or brand strategist because I have collected over the last two decades enough data points to be able to your point be able to spot patterns instantly amongst competitors and amongst You know in within an industry that they probably would never see because they're so Linkered and focused on their own data sets and is that is that

25:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  a strong suit of yours, like this ad hoc pattern recognition?

25:04 - Tash Peskin (boring.industries)
  I've never labeled it as such, but yeah, I mean like I can I can do brand strategy very quickly and with my eyes closed because and also because it's it is about creating a story which I have built my career on.  mean like I copyright, I'm a writer in my spare time, I truly believe that good brand strategy comes out of being able to use words for advantage, it's not about I don't have frameworks and charts and all these like you know very complex diagrams, I tell stories, I literally have like one sentence on slides and that's what I would I deliver and some people won't like that because they will want the very kind of like making a style strategy, but I kind of pride myself in the fact that I I want to believe that I deliver really powerful

26:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  stories to people that don't think that stories apply to them so I'm wary of my skill set knowing that that's what I do well so I've got to sell that rather than trying to do like here's how brand can increase your value by 2x you know yeah it's just a choosing where to play right it's totally totally fair that's that's how we do it that's why I do this thing um just quickly what's your background I'm really interested so I I went to school for industrial design industrial design engineering which is the squareest of the designs yeah and um I'm Portuguese I'm from Portugal and then I wanted to I realized like I don't have the taste to make like fancy furniture and I'm not as strong with a finite element analysis engineering simulation whatever to make drills which was like what my colleagues were doing but I like these systems  Right, okay, and then I found out that there's this thing called design thinking this was when design thinking was cooler and now it's getting a little bit of a bad rep and I moved to Brazil.  I I was looking for jobs. There was a company in Brazil looking for people They like people that had studied what I what I'd studied and I came here And put the classic gringo thing which is like oh I'll just be in Brazil for two years and then I met my wife and I stay here.  It's like a decade in But basically I came at this from the innovation consulting perspective and And then I did product management at FinTechs, which was when I eventually was doing Excel stuff And what I figured out is there's like an intersection of three things.  I really like that's what my browser history shows it's not what my When I tell people but the browser history doesn't lie, which is I'm very interested about the topic of expertise.  I think it's fascinating Okay.

28:01 - Tash Peskin (boring.industries)
  I love systems.

28:04 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So like boxes, arrows, that kind of thing. Yeah.

28:08 - Tash Peskin (boring.industries)
  And I love fun, right?

28:09 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So puns, games, wordplay, little quirky things, like, I don't know, these pieces of a, of a talking watch that I bought and I will make at some point, I don't know.  This is the kind of thing. And I was like, I need a job. That's like me. And eventually, what I've realized, because my wife is a consultant.  We don't have the same company. She has a company and she's like, we kept working together because it made sense.  And I kept creating workshops for her in games. she was, I think it is. So I started talking more about it to other people.  And that's this kind of weird intersection. A lot of people say that I've never seen exactly this, which is a little bit scary sometimes, because people don't know exactly.

28:55 - Tash Peskin (boring.industries)
  I mean, there's people that do workshop design and there's people that at, you know, those little card games that you can buy and all that kind of stuff.  But I guess the bespoke element of it is really intriguing because you kind of have to play part therapist.  You have to tap into someone's psychology around what makes them tick, around how they might deliver that workshop. And that's a huge challenge because it's so unique.  Like the way I deliver workshops is probably vastly different to how someone else delivers it. And I have always felt I've always had major imposter syndrome.  So I have a similar story to be which is that I played architecture and I'm really left brain, right brain.  So I'm very, I'm really creative thinker and I'm very logical, but I'm not excellent at both. I wasn't like really good at design and I wasn't like super good at engineering.  So I was kind of in this middle place and I ended up just really liking the theory behind it, like the theory behind architecture.  So I fell into being a strategist because it's kind of the same quality. it's like you have to be visionary and really creative, but you have to use logic to get there.  But I have major imposter syndrome because there are some incredibly smart strategists in my world and I read their stuff and I'm like, wow, that's amazing.  So that's so smart. But then I think, but it lacks the like emotion. It's so smart, but it doesn't have any, it's not like tapping into anything that I care about or I would never read it.  And I sort of call myself a reluctant strategist because I don't read strategy books. don't ever practice my craft outside of doing it for clients ever.  And I think that's kind of my strength in a way I'd like to think is because I don't get bogged down by other people's like  frameworks that they share.  Like you want to use that, use that. I'm much more into So, I just kind of respond to how I think I need to respond rather than following some dogma.  But it can probably make me look less rigorous, let's say, because I haven't come from that, like, McKinsey or, like, really deep analytical strategy world.  I'm very much like, here's what's wrong with your business. Here's a kind of, like, ideal state of where you want to get to.  And here's my story of how you're going to get there. that's what brand strategy is to me. So, I feel like I'm kind of not a traditional strategist in that sense.  Yeah, I kind of want to make sure my workshop does me justice. It doesn't kind of, like, trip me up.  Mm-hmm.

31:51 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I really, I empathize a lot with what you said, on many aspects. It's like loving the, for instance, like this is not planned, right?  Alexander. So if you like architecture and people, so we get it. And the other one, I think you like this one, is the trusted advisor.  Okay. Very, really good. Okay.

32:16 - Tash Peskin (boring.industries)
  I'll have to get, I'll have to check them out.

32:17 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'll put it in email afterwards. So I get it. really do. So I get, I think you get me.  Yeah. Right now we are at this, you are at this stage of your company that you want to have something that you can put in front of people and people can say, yes, I want that.  Yeah. Now there's a discussion of what do people want and would be easier for them to say, yes, I want that.  And I think there's two ways around that. And one way is. experiments, but I think also, there's always an element of this, regardless of which strategy you, even if you don't know you're experimenting, you are experimenting because things are always working.  And there's another element of this, which personally was very helpful. I started to like, doing structured customer discovery interviews, right?  And I felt so silly, because I've been telling people about this for years. I was paid to tell people about this.  was like, yeah, sure, do this, do this, do this. And then at some point I was like, I think I need get serious about this.  And I went to research like from first principles, how should a customer discovery interview be, right? And I'm sure you've done this sort of Yeah, I'll tell you again.  Yeah. So I did it for myself, right? And there's like that magical number, like talk to five to 15 people, that kind of thing.  And it's really true. I spoke maybe seven people and it completely changed, like understanding of what people are doing and yeah maybe I'm shooting myself on the foot in terms of like selling you something but I would love to send you like my own guide no problem just sending you because it was helpful to me and it was very illuminating in terms of like is this something that I want to do because it's cool and creative I want to express my creativity and my ideas or are there things that are also a possibility for me to express this but they definitely to something people are asking right yeah and I was humbled by like it's not that I was completely wrong I wasn't but it gave me such confidence like yes now when I talk about this I know that I'm using the language that people use yeah they come to me I say oh I need workshops why do you need the workshop all people don't understand what I do in this kind of thing so I was just a bit of a rambling about sorry no but it's interesting because I you're right

35:00 - Tash Peskin (boring.industries)
  I kind of launched Boring in a vacuum and everyone does I think that's normal and But what's been really it's so funny because it got such amazing response on LinkedIn and I had like Ex-founders are some of the biggest agencies in the world Congratulate me and you know and I was like this is a real echo chamber like obviously the whole advertising and branding industry Think this is  brilliant.  I've gone out and said oh these are really boring it industries But I what I haven't done yet apart from You know like the fact that I've obviously got a client and I've worked in other boring industries It's actually gone out and interview CMO and I and like you're right.  I need to do it I guess the challenge is how do I get them?

35:45 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, yeah, I had the same challenge. It was like a bit of a Chicken and the egg thing yeah, so For me and I can just tell you what I did.  It's not really prescriptive just descriptive. I had a little mailing list, and I started saying on the mailing list, I'm putting this thing together.  I'll load your input on it. I can send you the email so you see how I said it. And it wasn't groundbreaking or anything, but I got some people, right?  And then I went a little bit out of my way, like, hey, I'm doing this thing, I'd love to interview you.  And I'm sure you know this game of making people feel important. And there's also some sincerity because you really want to know.  So yeah, not lying. And I think once I got to I made like an Excel spreadsheet, once I got like to seven 10, then it becomes easier.  And then it just have like a critical mass that gives you enough confidence. Because one of the things you've mentioned was an impostor syndrome, right?  Which is old friend of mine as well. Yeah. And I heard this even stronger with creative people and especially women, I think women apparently struggle more with the industry.  So yeah. I'd love to send you this stuff, I mean, we're chatting at some point, if we keep chatting at some point, I might say, can we turn this into something else?

37:07 - Tash Peskin (boring.industries)
  Yeah, but I really value, I really believe like having a soundboard and yeah, I feel like I want to nail this as just because I don't want to take up too much time, but the last thing I'll say is that I hate doing outbound marketing, I absolutely hate and I used to run an agency about 10 years ago and we never did outbound marketing once, not once.  It came all just landed on our lap, we had loads of word of mouth, it was great, but I'm really aware that in this world I need to do a lot of outbound marketing because I don't necessarily have the network, but what makes me really despise it even more is not having a reason to go out for outbound.  Like, you know, I don't want write an email to say, hey, I've just launched boring, have you got branding needs, you know, at the moment, and I think if I've got something that I can say, hey, we've got this  I've got this workshop or I've got this, you know, like entry call where we could just chat and I feel like I want to sell not sell something but I want to go I want to I want to intro myself with a thing rather than just a conversation around branding So I really like to explore what that thing is really and then maybe that's a small thing And then maybe at least another conversation around what that workshop is and it's a bit more involved and you know But um I think I interrupted your call Yeah, I also like it's it's a very self-reinforcing thing one I understood a little bit better better like the pain points of the people I was trying to serve And You probably also have like this helper mentality you love to take the thing you know that works and hey guys look at this This is great, right?

39:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I have that. It becomes so much easier. I have like an Excel spreadsheet. I like spreadsheets for that, not for numbers.  And like listed pain points, right? And sometimes I'm like, oh, so and so would love this. So I'll write a thing because I'm thinking about that person.  And it just comes naturally. I'm not trying to convince you of things like if I were in your position, but it all stems in my case, it all stems from this, I know you and I get you and and also people get involved, people that he interviewed you, they you're a very good at conversation.  when you talk to people, people are like, yeah, I want to talk to the test again.

39:42 - Tash Peskin (boring.industries)
  Interesting. Oh, there's so much more to talk about. But yeah, I've really enjoyed meeting you.

39:48 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay. I'm so sorry. There's like in house. illness thing going on with gas so it's kind of a big deal uh yeah um i'll have to go okay this is great i'll send you an email and with some ideas and we have an open channel amazing so much good to chat speak soon get to chat thank you see you later