---
title: Impromptu Google Meet Meeting
date: '2025-01-31T14:59:12.000000Z'
duration: 15m
participants:
- João
source: https://fathom.video/calls/224343749
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:23:34.619965+00:00'
---

Impromptu Google Meet Meeting - January 31
VIEW RECORDING - 45 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/j4_nsfVxosz_xxj542zvxfo_7Uk5LHT1

---

0:03 - Ivan Ćelić
  So, map page here, yeah, this will be moved to the left, but if I'm not mistaken, Abby, we want to have some kind of color coding for these boxes, right, Abby?

0:22 - A L
  Yeah, just more for the launch, you know, when the launch happens and then it's like a little bit overwhelming here when they come in.  So we want them to be aware that we're only working on these boxes and then like when they're in the content area on the left, so they know that it works.  So I was just saying to Yvonne, maybe we just change the color of the policy procedure, training and communication like heading so that we know it's theirs or we add a box, like a border around the boxes so we know it's there.  But then he was also saying that maybe it's better for the designers for you guys to make something just so that it's kind of aligned.  But it's more for launch so that they know, like, yeah, we need to.

1:00 - Ivan Ćelić
  these three boxes in some way so that at launch when people come in here they don't necessarily need to look at first at everything but they know that the box is on these ones for now.  So some kind of highlight can be further it can be background color or whatever you think I guess is is best here but I think I'd be suggested the border or or title highlight or something like that.  I'm not sure which colors would fit in this color palette so I didn't want to do it myself I would rather you guys do it I don't think it's too much work you just need to know what to do and that's that's that's your part so yeah so that's so that's one yes is that all good there for this yeah I I've uh I've noted it down yeah okay perfect then then let's go back to admin portal then go to training so we missed one thing on training so actually before the training is deployed  this one maybe. So, before this deployed, actually in the proof, I guess, we need to wait to see the questions.  So the questions are currently visible. admin portal, like in the admin portal. So when they're actually checking the questions.  Exactly, because questions are currently in employee portal, only there you answer them and you have to complete them correctly to finish.  But on others, they won't be able to change it right now but it would be good just to show it in some way.  Abby, a question for you now. Will it be okay if we have a button here when you click then it opens up questions pop up or something?  I'm not sure where to put questions in here.

2:40 - A L
  I'm not sure where to prove it but we should make sure that they see it maybe after they've gone through like or something like time to review the quiz questions or like or I don't know, I'm not sure.  Maybe back here or something like that. Okay, maybe that's for Ropinio and Jao to... Like for deployment.

2:57 - Ivan Ćelić
  Yeah, like as they go through or like, yeah, there could be one side.

3:00 - A L
  One pop-up now. Are you ready to review the questions at the quiz and then they go?

3:05 - Ivan Ćelić
  and I I wouldn't I wouldn't rely on that because car with at least for now we can change this of course But you don't have to go through all 12 pages to approve it You can approve it immediately because I was thinking that they are the responsible ones and by approving this they will They are moving it themselves.  So if I pick approve them, it's me who approved it. Yeah, my responsibility So I would say maybe that we can have either two tabs or something.

3:34 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'm not sure what's the best case My suggestion would be to have another box on the right side Saying quiz is active to click on it.  He opens a pop-up I can see the questions and we just separate the checking of the training to the checking of the quiz You see that where it says versions on the right side So we just add a box there and say quizzes quiz included right click here to see the questions We click there we open  pop up and it just shows us the questions and that's it. So if they want to really validate them, they can, like for the more need-vicky people, if they are just comfortable with it, just send it away.

4:17 - A L
  Yeah, I don't have a strong opinion as long as they can look at it. I think I realized, like, when you press approve, Yvonne, like, what happens if they make a mistake and they're like, oh, , I pressed approve, but I didn't mean to approve because I needed to check with somebody.  how do you think back away from approve?

4:31 - Ivan Ćelić
  They have to go to pause state, I think. And I think, yeah, we don't have it because this is edit, because on trainings, you cannot do it.  But for example, if you go back to policies, and then let's say that is approved, you made the mistake, then you go to edit mode, you change something, I'll just add one here to save.  And I thought it would go back what it didn't. some mechanism that goes to post state if you change something after it's deployed but I guess let's worry about later but I could just imagine that eventually that will be I agree make sense yeah that's a let's not worry about it okay yeah and what what are the other ones do we have an okay so yeah those are the questions for that and the last one is uh yeah poppy you mentioned this will deploy but there was a there was a missing good right like so it's approved but it shouldn't be marked as red because it's done you've approved the policy you're keeping it internally but you're not deploying it so it's like it's like almost

6:00 - A L
  a fifth box, know, not started, deployed, approved, completed, not applicable or something. There needs to be another state for the ones that are like approved internally, but not deployed.  This is it. We have the state we are just not showing it. would so general what I think we need is just another icon for that state and the color that fits this color scheme.  I think I would say that's what you need. So this is not I would say this is maybe not the best color because not started and approved are really, really similar colors here, which also might be my mistake when doing this.  But basically, we need to see all the statuses like you did it. think you already did it. But let's just now also shape, right?  So if it was to like work like that, like it should be approved and it shouldn't have the same color, like the same scheme as started.  Exactly. So we need that. So what's the new status? It's called approved. So it is already there, but it's not.  So it's called approved, but it needs to have a new color and it has a new icon. And then it needs to be added to the top venue.  How will it look like when it's added here at the top? When it's fifth card will be approved somewhere here, probably here.  And my question is how will it look like? What will be the icon and what will be the color?  And then we'll also apply it to this. So we need to apply it in two places here on this label.  And then of course here on this part. And of course the card will be here. But that's the same as this one here.  That's it basically. And there was the last thing that I wrote down, regarding the design at least, is when we are deploying, you said that there is no deploy confirmation.  But actually there is. So we just need to update it. So let me show you what happens. Maybe we are missing something nicer.  When you deploy this, this comes up. Yeah, you barely missed that, I think. I think there should be like a one that just like, congrats you have deployed or make it prettier.  Like I don't know if we Do we have a design or can we use like this summer? let me know check together.  I think I think I think there's a design for that. I think I I think so too. So but let me let me quickly.  Yeah like that one or like even like your policy has been set to review it could look like that it's but it's just like more it's not here but yeah something like that or like policy deploy is a different flow but yeah I understand you want to you want just to have a text here right like like I'm not more noticeable because that one was so small like we yeah that one like or your policy has been sent for deployment or something like this for now let's not bother designers with this because we can just make a huge title like your policy has been deployed and then we can write some title something yeah I think it's what you usually use like the existing ones we have just that one was so small that I think we both make I agree I agree it's not it's not the best this is this this is not good enough yeah we'll fix this but I don't think we need design for this we can just do it ourselves so don't bother with this for now later we can  maybe make it even nicer and stuff. Yeah. Okay. Okay. This is what I have written down, Abby. You do you have anything else that you remember?  No, I think those are the main ones other than because we didn't go through the employee portal because we didn't have the deployment wasn't working.  Yeah, actually, actually, okay, this is the bug we know about, but actually we have Yeah, something for the employee portal should also have those not complete, complete.  No, no, they shouldn't because they they're not going to deploy it from there. was just thinking like, when you're in between on employees, do they know what it means?  But I don't think it's that big of a deal. Yeah, complete done something. But no, I think that's the main ones, at least for, uh, yeah, that we saw this morning, I'm sure like when we go through it again next week, then we'll have more definitely.  This is a UI issue. yeah, okay. Abby regarding training, we actually opened the one training that we didn't have a question for, so  I completed this one which one like the human rights or in the environmental we also noted that we just used the wrong one wrong pdf we did you see this one yeah could those are the questions yeah we forgot to cut not forgot actually Borna did cut it off but it seems that he uploaded the wrong pdf in the end but the questions that you need are those the ones that have been designed you know like you know if you know for the pop-up questions in the back the one that needs to be cut off you know like if you're looking for we know we already created them in our survey we have it ready and everything it should be questions for all of them because I I've updated all of them because I went back and fixed them we didn't add them in for this one I think but for EMS we did and I completed it so the status changed after our call I tried it again and and it worked so some things actually we're working like you want also for this reset  thing again just because we're testing it so then please let me know when you start adding descriptions and stuff because if you reset everything then it will erase your progress so if you will be editing the policies just let me know right in the development channel or to me directly right on our eye are no i think you can do that at least now because i won't do the policy i'm gonna do the i'm gonna do the explanation text first before i fix the policies the explanation text is missing for everything so i want to get that in so we set it today if you want so then we have a new next week but i will write the message to warna he will reset it probably later today and then i told him that from now on he needs to ask if he will reset stuff on the test environment just to be sure that no one did anything that cannot be erased yeah no that sounds good okay um and then do we is there anything on um jira that romeo has done that we should review and give feedback or is it how i  So you have something from there that we could view. So from yesterday to today, there's nothing to review from the design, from the renewal thing.  But we could speak a little bit about the flow for controls and our third-party management. Yeah, that sounds good.  OK, so I'll start. Like I said, I don't have the time to extend this much further than what was scheduled.  we can begin with the controls because it just gave feedback to it recently. And I'll share my screen for controls and I'll cut out my own video to save on bandwidth.  OK, so here we are. And I saw the comments, right? this is controls for third-party though, right? Or this controls for the internal one.  Exactly, exactly. So this is the point. So if I understand correctly, we have a section called controls and we have a section called a third party management, right?  Yes. But controls could be applied either to internal audiences or external audiences, right? Yes. Okay. So to avoid creating two sections on the last menu called controls internal and controls external, we assume that controls would contain both sets of controls, both internal and external, which is why we suggested that we group them, much like in this style, in perhaps internal controls and external controls, right?  So there's two ways of, and I think maybe this was not clear because I didn't draw out the entire platform.  If we're starting from the perspective of controls, let's say I click on a specific control and I see all the organizations that are, you know, have that control applied to them.  And then I know this is for controls because no because like like if it's an internal control It's only for one company and it's for the employees if it's for a third party Then it's for multiple companies.  I agree. But yeah, I understand but the point is It's basically the same interface, right? So let's say that here Let's say this one at the top means internal and this one means external, right?  Let's say that the red one means external and this one is internal So the only thing that would change is that instead of saying or one with the employee Okay, one right, but it's the same idea that I see everyone Every entity that has as some relationship to this control, right?  Yeah, and that go ahead Sorry to interrupt you so I like to take this as a basic example of our control would be gift registry  It's a registry where every employee needs to write, if they receive a gift from anyone. And then, so what I do, I am an employee, I write a report in a form, I write, I receive a gift, that value from that person.  And then you add my boss or my ERG. I understand the logic, I understand the logic. Yes, basically you approve it or reject it, blah, blah, blah.  And then that's a control. So control is gift registry or form is a control. How do fit that in this flow that you showed me?  because also important thing is that control, that gift form that I filled in as an employee, needs to be deployed with someone.  So someone needs to take a look at the form, check if it collected the right data for the company, and then deploy it, right?  So by deploying it means that it's not publicly available, not publicly, but internally available to all employees. So whenever they happen to get the gift, they need to come into the app and fill it  reporting. How does that come in? So I think like the first part of your question is where does the employee find this form to send it up, right?  We already have that figure out, I guess. It's in employee submissions, but let me show me where it's here, if it's there, if you thought about it.  Okay, yes, yes. So let's say that this is internal controls, okay? And inside of internal controls we have a list, And on that list we have gift registry, okay?  Let's say I click on the registry because it's like an entry on one of those things. Okay, I click here and I can see all the gift registries from everyone, right?  All submissions, perfect submissions. I see all the submissions, right? So I see here, ah, João, I sent a submission and the status of that submission is pending approval, right?  So I could click on that submission and we take it. to the approval process of that submission, which is not explained here.  But the main idea is that creating a path to go as granular as we need to go from any direction that people like to do it.  So let's stress test this with a different context. Let's assume that I'm talking about some control that we apply to all of our third-party suppliers.  I think I'm shouting, sorry. We apply to all of our third-party suppliers. And we can see that this is just an example, right?  It's the same thing as above, that this company is up-to-date, but this company is still up-to-date and will expire soon.  So this is about the control relating to this company, right? So I click on this company, company Dean, and then I can see the explanation screen, which is that thing that we have now created this component of this component, actually, right?  And says, amen. you're just about to Request an update from this for this control from this Partner right. Are you sure you want to go through it?  Yes. I want to go through it So we have a confirmation and this will send a form Okay, a form that a confirmation looks like this and then on the other side like the third party will receive an email which is not designed here, but it's a typical email like text plus and And on that email, they will be able to access the form for that specific control like oh Please prove to me that you do have NPE racist initiatives and I can just upload some Like black history month certificate that I've done something about it and that's it does this make sense One thing though is that the status and stuff will be okay for  third party management it makes sense because the vendors I guess are required to fill it in annually so we have a division I would say the controls I would start from the top so we have controls and then okay controls can be annually or ongoing or annually I think that's the basic assumption without anything else in the now so one that you described here which is I guess it doesn't have to be annual okay but it's filled in at some point in time at least once so I think the point was that vendors need to come in and fill it in once a year I guess and then you can have this data but for the other types which are ongoing by ongoing I think means that they are open all the time and people feel them when it's required so I think you have those that's the first separation of control so by ongoing and annual or fill it in when fill it in at least once in X amount of time that's two operations then the second one will be if it's for external  so by for stakeholders or it's internal for employees. So I would say those are two different divisions of control that we have.  I don't know if there is something else. I would say that we have also a fifth division, yeah we can write it like that, a fifth division which would be specific controls like carbon reporting.  Yeah, the only for individual people. Yes, which is only for individual people in the company and is also done annually, right Abby?  You have to fill it in probably once a year. quarterly. Okay, it doesn't matter. So you have to do it once every x months.  So yeah, so I would say we have types like that. So I would call it a custom control in a way.  Why it's custom? Because it has its own rules, it has its own people who feel and probably will have its own UI where you will see the report of that.  So that's what I know about controls right now and that's how I see the division between them. And what you showed me fits the best in the case of third party controls.  So controls for external that need to fill it in once a year or once every X months and this also applies to internal audiences that need to fill in things every every year like I have close partner crisis.  Yeah fair point because the same UI can apply for both that I agree with that so instead of organization we'll just have internal employees listed and with the status just now what we are missing is those ongoing controls and how will they look like in this whole flow that's maybe a bit confusing to me but but yeah I think we're there and now it's another question that we all need to answer is do we want to mesh everything I said now together or do we want to separate controls under menu calls stakeholder or third-party management and then under controls does it make sense to have them in two places or just mesh everything under control that's a question also no yeah that's a kind of a strategic question and like kind of the the use of like okay these are for internal stakeholder  These are for external stakeholders and the communication around that. at the same time, I think that because when I think when you're like, I'm a little bit nervous about going by the control, like when you're going, like your whole thing is your audience, the employee, like the 100% employee, then it makes sense to go by controls because you're going that way, right?  You're making sure each control goes. But when you're going with a third party, usually you want to start with a third party, not with the control.  Yes, but no, I understand that. I need to interrupt you here because I know what's been said now. The thing is that there's two ways of getting into it, right?  So if I enter through the third party management, I can see that, oh, I'm dealing with McDonald's. me see what controls are applied to McDonald's.  And I enter that conversation through the third party. If I enter the conversation through controls, then I find who is, who are all the components  these or all the actors subjected to this control and then I can see oh it's McDonald's and Coca-Cola and accent mobile mobile so there's two ways of getting into the same information right now we are looking at the controls but it's kind of the same logic for the third part yeah okay I don't know like I haven't seen it like this so my my brain is trying to wrap like it usually like we kind of like at least how I've done it in my career it's like okay internal stakeholders you do one thing external stakeholders you kind of separate it out so now they're kind of together and I'm trying to like mentally map it it's a little bit different than what I'm used to so that I don't know what is the right way of doing it yeah I think I think in terms of design the only thing that changes is the first is this this first thing right because let's say let's there's two ways about it so there's a I don't have my pen you can see that's not  this used to be. So A is about internal, so A is about this axis, and B is about this axis, right?  There's at least these two ways of looking at it. Do I want to look at it divided by internal and external?  Or do I want to look at it as divided from ongoing and recurring? To me, we have if we have two sections of controls on the left side menu, could say like internal controls and external controls.  Inside of those sections, we could have the division, right? We could have like, on the left side menu, we could have internal controls, and then I open that and I say ongoing internal controls and recurring ongoing controls, right?  That's kind of how we have it now, I guess, in our system. Ivan, what were you saying? It makes the most sense to maybe without the external and internal, I think he mentioned, because it seems to me that the stakeholder part is like...  So, I would maybe, but this is also a business question and I think some will get the best information from possible users, but I think it makes sense to split it out stakeholder management and put their controls there, and then have controls, other controls in one place.  Or if we even want, we can separate the controls even more and just put them all under some other pins or some other categories.  Here, Janus was the correct answer also, but I'd say we need to try and go with something and later we can rearrange things.  It shouldn't be, you know... Yeah, yeah, yeah, and then I think it's like, what do we do before launch?  Like, given that we're going to launch soon in two weeks, do we just keep it like this and then like have a design of this and then, you know, on Sigma and then we show it to the kind of our, you know, now, you know, if we can show it to our pilot, now you've tried this out.  We're considering this option of what we do, you know, and then maybe get feedback on that than rather trying to change this before...  launch. This is also with third parties too, I don't know, Yvonne, what are your thoughts? Yeah, I would like to keep it.  If we are talking about two weeks, we have little to no time for any changes to the current controls, just to say in two weeks time.  So we can, we need to discuss this. This needs to be discussed, but for two weeks time, we need, we have to go with small changes.  So to me that makes sense from the design perspective, what helped you the most? To like draw this out a little bit more, but I would say like in terms of my priorities, I would say this doesn't go on the, like the first priority would be the controls environmental and then the controls, you know, missing those parts that's on it, that would be the first priority and then this would be government, like afterwards.  Let me, let me do this. I'll share my screen again. Thank you. We can also continue this discussion without you.  So my question is, if you take a look currently at the current situation here, compliance, map, slash controls, I'm going to link.  this is the current situation, Abby. And as you can see, the form, which you approve for deployment and deploy.  Okay, because you date, blah, blah, blah, you deploy. Okay, I love that. Okay, but all in all, So this is something that hold on controls.  Okay, so we have this one conflict of interest is approved and now we deploy it. Okay, deploy, and now it's deployed.  And then, okay, this is wrong. This is going to stay called a management, but what I'm trying to say is, we have now deployed to deployed controls.  And then if you go to employee portal to submissions, guess, submissions. No, I have to find it, but either way, you will be able to, of course, it's not working.  But, yeah, what I want to show you, what I want to ask you is, what do we need to change to release?  What is the MVP of this release for the controls or for what part? for controls, for this version that we currently have.  For this version, it's just getting one, the forms are not correct on the G side. the, I clicked on some of them, like the expense form goes to the conflict of interest form.  So we need to make sure those forms are correct. We need to find that missing screen. think that Romeo is making that kind of logs in from the new, the new entrance page, and then that new missing screen and then the correct forms.  And then we also need to do that on the E side. And I don't think there is one on the S, but that's kind of like what we need.  At least we're basic. I don't understand what's different from the E side and the S side. are functionally the same.  If the forms are missing, we don't have the full design of that. That's what needs to be made. It doesn't need to change anything.  The structure is there. It's just the content around, the design of the forms is not updated, right? Romeo still has to continue doing that so that the development team can implement it on the e-side and then on the g-side, the forms aren't updated to match, like, If the forms are simple, then we don't need design for that.  If the forms are simple or nothing special. We have the forms from N. N had created the forms back where, like, or our previous UX UI designer created these really simple forms.  think N had it on Sigma for all of them, but they haven't been redesigned by Romeo's standard in that, but Romeo has made a standard.  So, yeah, Romeo can design it in his own standard, but keep in mind that we don't have time to apply the design for our stuff.  Yeah, but if you look at what This is like a typical submission conflict of interest one for employees look like now right like That's That format already made for the other ones from my understanding on an old figma So as long as we implement those then that's fine.  But my point is right now It's not mapping like when I click on expenses then a conflict of interest will show up when I switch to like government officials I don't think they're behind.  They're not set up in Yeah, I'm getting an error. cannot enter submissions, but basically Admin portal. Let's go if you go to admin portal and you go to oh, you can't go into controls here I can I can if you go into controls you'll see like click on like ethics survey Like then that that is a conflict of interest form We need to update these forms.  We put in just something just so we have content. So for people need design Because to change this design we can update this but I'm not sure if we want to waste time now on update  the form designs to be perfect, perfect, because this is the library we are using and we can style it, but we are also limited here.  I would prefer... No, I think it's more important that we have the right content in there. that would be...  Yeah. And my point for content is I don't think we need designers for content, because if we already have those forms that you mentioned that are from before...  I think we should. I think you need to confirm, because that's why I need to start, it was under and I don't know if we have them.  So it could be good if you could have them check which one we're missing, because I think, I think survey might not have been created yet, but I think the other forms are there, but they're like...  Can you find us then the source of information for these? Well, that's what I'm trying to say. I think it's on our Figma somewhere.  We need to try to find it, too. don't know... Evie, I think for us outsiders, it's very difficult to know if the form is correct.  I think we need your experts perspective on this. Yeah, but I think it's already mapped is my point. I think there's already Figma design of it somewhere, like of the...  Exactly, exactly. But the point is that since we don't know which Figma... that's right we would when I say we I say we I think maybe I'm speaking a little bit by the for the development team we don't know what we don't know we don't know if it's the right form we need you to say this is the right form this is not the right form otherwise we can make a wrong decision yeah but I guess it's my point yeah no that's fine I can help look for two but my thing is there should be only one form for this and it should be designed somewhere like I don't think there's been multiple of them we just need to find where the forms are in general and that one that we have but I am but yeah I can look I'm trying to find that too but those forms need to be updated the front page needs to be updated with Romeo's new designs that and that there's a missing page needs to be done for do we need so we need to redesign this from right do we have to design for the design Romeo's made the updated control front page design for this  on them to match the policies can you help me find it do you know where it is control tag on JIRA for it too um that's it it's here so this is the new no policies there should be one so this is the new controls yeah that's a new control page no but but this this one is is uh i don't think it's finished correct is it oh yeah i guess it is and it's missing it's missing the the table the index on top so then it should that should be finished that should be on the list to finish index yeah i'll then maybe can you create a task to add and then this i guess no no wait i don't understand that stigma doesn't have the index did i miss it what's the index the index is the boxes on top that explain where it is with the numbers on it like that one doesn't have it like in policies you know where it goes  This is live. Yeah, we need to update. Yeah, OK, then let's put that as our priority then for what's next to do, controls, and then home page update.  I guess just complete it. Yeah, the home page update, and then that missing pop-up page that goes like, oh, whatever, each one, and then you go into the control.  I think. Because it's like you need to go in and look at the control and then approve it and then deploy it and then move it on, right?  I don't think we have that either, do we? Like that confirmation of the deployment? We do. We do? OK.  Like when you do it, like then it goes. Approve it like this is the same approval. You just look here and then you deploy, you pick a date.  OK, yes. And it's just that middle one in between that new front page, a new middle page they're creating.  And then so that those need to be designed. And then the other part is the E-part that is still being designed with the carbon reporting and all of that, that needs to be designed.  And then I think we're OK for. controls Okay, okay, so we need uh, yeah carbon reporting needs I would like to see because to be for carbon So governance is pretty much clear social.  Will it look the same? I think there might not even be any social control Environmental there will be carbon reporting reporting.  There's environmental. I wrote it yesterday There will be five of them not not important what what they are But will they look and have the same functionality as these two?  Um, it's it. Yeah, it's gonna be these are the the environmental ones Mainly are going to be internal people doing it which is different than governance But they will look look have a different flow to it, right?  Probably have a different flow to it, but it will look very similar like you click on one and Go to a new page and then there's a new flow This one here you're not as admin you're not expected to fill in this server You're expected to review it then deploy it and then wait for responses Yeah, you're not you're not gonna have so much of that in the environmental one the environmental one is  Like more internal things that you need to drop off Yep, okay, so Yeah, I'll have to go But I written down this the stuff here and I'll send a message on site just to make sure I got everything right Okay, we can sync also again For this more details on this That sounds good.  Okay. All right. Thanks. Have a good weekend you guys Yeah, I'll be quickly one. I need you once I understand you guys say online Just just to ask you so if a carbon reporting here We'll have so that's not something that you'll need to deploy right?  That's just something that you need to fill in Yeah, so it's more something like it's gonna be like you'll see a tab that says carbon They'll go to it the page that hasn't been created that explains a little bit more and then the next step will be like You know, are do you have AWS Google or yeah?  In any country that flow and then it could be like it could be that you need to assign it to somebody to fill it in like a lot of the environmental controls are more individual people need to fill it in throughout time okay i see i see i see okay so in theory this should be a section on this admin portal part which could in a way be somehow delegated to someone else who could be employee yeah okay we have to see how we can solve it solve it but okay i understand now okay and then the other ones other than carbon reporting could be in a similar way have some different flows so because yeah it's kind of like maybe there's one is called asset register so you need to like everybody's computers right you need to have a register of the computer so you know that you recycle them after they're done so then it's like okay deploy this register it could be that or it could be like send this register and update this register every quarter within any new people you know they need to be updated when the new people have it and then there's one that does need to be i think there are a few that do need to be deployed to the employee portal it's like an  a feedback mechanism on like environmental one and there's another one about like environmental hazards something like that like if they see it they have to report it so that is reviewed and then deployed to the portal on the portal.  These are the standard but we have some on some custom ones I guess yeah okay okay make sense then that's it okay yeah okay that sounds good then all right you you