---
title: Book-help - Learning Convo - Jason Brown
date: '2025-05-08T11:00:00.000000Z'
duration: 60m
participants:
- João
- Jason Brown
source: https://fathom.video/calls/295181291
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:01:50.618124+00:00'
---

Book-help - Learning Convo - Jason Brown - May 08
VIEW RECORDING - 85 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/VU6LL6QeYAPqkYAD6mfxzoytUZpfuz-h

---

0:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Hey, João!

0:02 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  How are you?

0:04 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'm great, man.

0:05 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  I'm doing really good. How are you doing? Good too, good too.

0:08 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So it's good to see you. I was checking out the emails from the people that joined the All In Agency Summit, and I saw you there.  So good to have you there. Did you see other presentations?

0:26 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  I didn't actually attend it live. I was keen to get the recordings. It was like literally the worst time.  It started when I went to bed, and it ended an hour before I woke up.

0:41 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, it makes sense, makes sense. I like, I want to go to but do I want to like derail my whole next day?

0:48 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Yeah, yeah, for sure, for sure.

0:51 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, it makes sense. Sorry, I forgot about that. But you're doing good. Nice. Yeah, doing good.

0:57 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  I'm keen to watch that first video on like the... A lot of watching it on the different parts, like different ways to differentiate an agency and that kind of stuff.  right? Wasn't Garrett? I can't remember his name, but the first guy. No, no, then the first guy, think it's Chris.  Okay, well, first guy in the recording. Yeah, it should be Chris.

1:18 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay. Yeah, it's so, this whole positioning thing is so present right now. It's really in the zeitgeist, right? Positioning, positioning, positioning.

1:30 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  How do you feel about that? Yeah, I've been learning quite a bit. mean, Alex and I, Alex James and I, we have a weekly catch-up.  Nice. And so he's kind of like a bit of a positioning master, so I'm just like trying to like get some crumbs from him whenever I can.  So he's been really helpful in actually guarding something. So it worked out really well because we had a chat today and he helped.  I don't know if you remember last time, I'm like, oh, I kind of want to go down the direction of like helping B2B service businesses become an issue.  Leaders, and he was like, eh, it's a little bit big. I mentioned it to you, and you're like, eh, it's a little bit big.  So probably you down a little bit. I'm like, okay, you know, two people have said something. So next week, I'm like, okay, well, what do you think about this kind of concept?  And he's like, yeah, out of all of that, this bit, this one bit is the most interesting. he's like, why don't you do like cold emails to newsletters?  Because I'm like, I really like that one idea, and that was like one of the ways to kind of start the process.  Just because nobody uses cold email to grow a newsletter, it seems to be one of the most effective and cheapest ways to do so, and easy to scale.  And so I'm like, I would like to pair that with newsletter growth, because then it fixes the problem of cold email, which is you look needy by asking.  So you don't ask, you give until they ask. And then it also fixes kind of the scalability and stuff of like businesses needing leads.  Anyway, so I presented that to him today, he's like, actually, like this one part of that was really interesting.  I like pulled it up. And so now I have a bit of a structure for some workshops and stuff I want to run.  So I have an idea now of what I want to do. And so, yeah, essentially, it's on the cold email to kind of lead nurture process.  But essentially, he said, not just cold email, honing in into doing cold email for outreach for a market survey.  And so there's this case study that I found where these this IT company. So the industry, and they kind of reached out more with the, hey, you're, you're an expert in this case, we're actually conducting a like market research at the moment, if you'd like to get the report and be involved, like be involved in that so that you can make informed business decisions.  We'd love to get your thoughts around this. And so they got like crazy good results, like 55% open rates for like cold email, like that's good for newsletters.  And then ridiculous, like 50, 50% reply rates on the people that that did open it. And so they had like crazy success on that campaign.  And so Alex James is like that, that helped businesses set up market research via cold email. And then once you've done that, you can use that research as a lead magnet to get people into the ongoing newsletter, nurture emails.  And then they can drip out of that as they go. But yeah, this company that did the market research ended up getting clients from it.  So it was really interesting to see how that worked. But anyway, that's kind of the progress of where things are.  So yeah, he's been kind of helpful. that's really interesting.

4:38 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I know, I think two people that have run reports like that. Maybe not at that scale, I don't know.  Yeah, but they do mention that it's really a win-win. Because by definition, if you're putting together the report, you are, you know...  And if the you're together We were leapfrogging into a market position that is one of authority. You are the editor, the editor has the power.  And at the same time, it's flattering to be asked to participate in this thing. And there's also a very clear win when they get the report at the end, because they're like, oh, they're asking me, they're asking the other guys.  So I think that idea is really interesting. And so as you were telling me, like, all the cogs are like, oh, my God, it's really a good flywheel.  feeds into itself and so on.

5:32 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  It does, right? Yeah.

5:33 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah. That's fun. That's right. This is exciting. OK. And so you've mentioned, I think I get the gist of it.  You've mentioned that this gave you ideas for workshops. And like, this is not a sales conversation. This is the sales for me to learn about how you think about this stuff, how a book about this could be most helpful to you.  Right. So can you tell me? In this new idea or this new framing, it seemed to lend itself better to workshops.  What's the connection you see there? Interesting.

6:10 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Okay. Before I answer that, I just want to check because I think you're kind of similar to me where we're like, start talking.  Yeah, That was the answer to like, how are you going? And I guess I just got excited because I'm like, oh, I feel like I'm getting in the same direction.  Yeah. So I just want to make sure, like, what's your plan for today? What did you want to get out of the call?  And I just wanted to make sure I didn't secretly hijack that. No, no, no. Well, thank you for the question.

6:37 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It's very considerate. I really identify with the, you know, excitement taking us into interesting places. So the purpose of this conversation is I want to learn more about, and I know you won't take offense at this, what a beginner person, one that doesn't know much about workshops, thinks about workshops.  Because I'm probably blind to a lot of it.

6:59 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  And...

7:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And the idea is that having this understanding will help me make a book that is more useful. So it's not that book that we've mentioned.  And there's a different kind of conversation that I would love to have because it's my way of paying back, which is me teaching you, like, do this, experiment with it, which is more like me talking and you getting the information.  The one we're in right now is for me learning, like, as much as I can from, like, your context and how you think about this.

7:28 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Yeah, I saw the booking link with the details, so I'm all across that, no problem. Okay, okay.

7:34 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  But thank you for, you know, creating the chapter entry into this. So for this, like, a success today would be for me to get, like, a mental model or the beginnings of a mental model of what appeals to you in workshops.  What do you think are probably your biggest, what do you predict will be the biggest, you know, hurdles and stuff like that, you know.

7:56 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  So that's it.

7:57 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I mean, so just to restate the question is. you is... think is... What What What You now have this really, and I'm being genuine here, I like this idea you told me about, this idea about cold email, market research, newsletter, it is really interesting.  Is there an aspect of this specific idea that calls more to you in terms of workshops? No, I don't think so.

8:23 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  I would have probably gone down the road of normal business model and met Alex and seen what he's doing.  The epiphany for me came from, and I think this could be helpful for you, maybe like diving into the, like I was frustrated with the grind of running an agency where I was undercharging.  So that was on me, like for not charging the right amount. But essentially what that meant is I was putting so much work outside of these, yeah, just so much work.  In order to deliver for clients, and I think I talked about it last time, and it's people don't kind of realize how much effort it is in, so they don't appreciate it, but not to the amount of, like, the level of the effort that I've actually put in.  So it was me kind of frustrated, and, like, I'm just tired of doing so much work and get paid, like, so little for it.  And then seeing how Alex did it, where it was, the workshop is really the means that I learned to care about later.  What I liked initially was getting paid to share expertise. I think that was the start of it. So seeing Alex, and it's like, oh, this guy knows something.  He has an experience, or he has experiences that he's learned, which initially attracted me to him. And then after getting to know him, he's taken me through a couple of his workshops, and I've just been blown away because I think what I associated with the workshop and what he's done, doing just like go life  It's just night and day in terms of he's really good at like packaging up content and doing a little bit of a presentation and then having like a structured time afterwards to apply that.  So he starts his workshops with a 10, 15 minute kind of pitch. His rough format is he has an insight you don't know but should.  So, for example, if it would be with content, it would be something like successful content doesn't give tips. It creates tipping points in people's beliefs.  That's the insight. Then he would go back. Alex is a beast, huh? He's a beast, huh? I thought it existed.  And then he would go through how not to do it. What's the old way of doing something? Then what's the new way, his new method?  And then he has a mic drop summary and then he goes to the application with you through that new method.  And so he starts it in a way where it's like you're chomping at the bit like I'm super keen to get into this and then you go through activities.  So seeing that, I'm like, oh. There's like such a high level here on the delivery, but then what appealed to me with the workshop is it forces me to focus more on the expertise and also kind of productize the service.  A lot of people talk about productized service and this and that, but it's like, yeah, what does that look like?  Whereas I find going with the workshop, it forces you to be like, okay, we need to get as much out of a meeting with the client as possible.  So let's create a defined agenda. Let's create templates and resources and all of this kind of stuff to do what would have taken three hours and we can do that in half an hour.  And so I'm starting to like get really excited about this concept of being able to speed run someone to an outcome because you've really well thought out a journey to take them through.  And the coolest part is you can charge more for that, but it takes less effort because I'm like, I've been really consistent, like consider it with thinking through.  Yeah. And how to structure things and what the outcome is that I want. And then it's very clear that this is not necessarily going to be for everyone.  And so, I don't know, I've just found it's forced me to define deliverables a lot more than a service, which can be like, oh, yeah, we can kind of do that.  We can kind of do that. Whereas, it's like, I don't really have a workshop for that. So it's like, I can't, you know, that's going to be a lot of effort to set up.  So, yeah, I don't know if that kind of answers it, but I was sold on a normal service business initially.  But there's so much effort with that. And then also, I'm the kind of person that wants to be an expert.  Some people would be happy to push a few buttons and get Google ads out and do the same thing for everyone and just be seen as more of an executor.  Whereas I wanted to have more of a strategy view, like the big picture type thing. And so I think workshops lend themselves more towards that because it's less.  Grunt work and more strategy, which is done with clients. Whereas if it's grunt work, it's like, I need to design a web page.  Like, you can't do that with the client. It's like, I need to go away for 10 hours and actually work on designing this page.  We can't really do it together. Whereas strategy and decision-making and that kind of stuff is kind of best done together.  So, yeah, this has kind of just been that journey of realizing, personally, I want to be seen as an expert.  So, facilitate that better because not only do they give structure, you get practice at it. So, you come across like a boss because you've just practiced it so many times.  Like, Alex James, I'm like, dude, just everything you says is gold. But it's because he stays within his expertise.  He doesn't step out of that. And so, like, the workshops kind of have those guardrails. Yeah, I don't know if I'm rambling too much, but me wanting to be seen as an expert, a  Workshop is a great like structure to deliver expertise is what I'm realizing. It makes you look more like an expert.  It also then lowers the deliverables from my point of view, but increases like the perceived value for the client.  It's also defined because I guess for a bit of context, I have a client at the moment. This was my first stab at recurring revenue.  I was a website guy. Everyone's like, oh, you need to give recurring revenue. I'm pretty passionate about business and strategy.  And so I said to them, hey, look, take me on as a fractional CMO, pay me a few thousand dollars a month, and I'll just kind of be on call.  I'll help you for a few hours a week. And that's been a great learning experience. I've done a lot of stuff, helped them with a lot of things, but it's this, that, a little bit of everything.  So it takes a lot of my brain thinking like, how am I going to solve this problem for them?  How am I going to do that? Like, oh, I've never done that before. And you're just reinventing the wheel every time.  But I do like the idea of having... ... Um, some kind of ongoing thing. So I think for me, like what I've planned is like upfront workshops where it's like maybe eight ramp ups and then a monthly workshop to maintain things like writing four emails a month, if that makes sense.  So that's kind of how I'm planning to like couple those sides of two sides of things. But anyway, so the fixed, the liberal fixed outcome, easier to kind of estimate work forces me to productize a little bit more in a way that makes expertise clear.  This was phenomenal. Thank you.

15:32 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Because I've been talking to people about this stuff, right? Makes sense. And the way you frame some things, it felt like a bit of an Alex moment.  And I'm not, you know, I'm not kidding. Because when you've said that, oh, personally, I want to be seen as an expert.  I think that it's so important as a model that I have for my clients, which is like, what's your selfish desire?  Like... I people to know that I'm good at this stuff, right? And this connects with other things that people have told me, but in different, not so straightforward ways, right?  So this, I struggled to keep up making the notes, and then I just wrote down the minutes and said, check Fathom, because there's gold in this bit.  Okay, so I'll just recap this real quick. You don't know much about workshops, which is normal. I'm noticing that most people don't have experience with workshops.  And then you've seen this guy, which is good, and you knew he was good before you knew he was a workshops kind of person.  And then you saw him in action, and said, oh, okay, now I get it. And then, of all the different things that happened, the one that really called to you was like, oh, this is a much better way of framing expertise, focusing on the high leverage problems and the strategic interactions and so on.  This is I've heard from you. Roughly accurate?

17:02 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Yeah, that's pretty spot on. The one tweak would be that I thought I had an understanding of what workshops were.  Okay. So in my career, I studied computer science in university. I did pretty well in my first year, and so I actually got hired by the university to run collaborative study sessions.  And so we would have some kind of facilitation, that kind of thing, some kind of agenda. And so I probably would have said a workshop is something like that.  A workshop is a meeting with maybe a defined agenda. But it's nowhere near as defined and almost fine-tuned to the level of what Alex has done.  It's really just a meeting with an agenda is what I kind of thought it was. And so I had it closely tied to a meeting.  So a workshop would be, in my mind, you're on the whiteboard, maybe sticking up. Sticky notes. You have a rough outline of what you're trying to get through.  There's a lot of people there, and it's not always that effective. That's my preconceived model of what a workshop was.

18:12 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, yeah.

18:13 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  didn't feel to me without seeing Alex the way he was doing it.

18:18 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, let's explore that, because I think this is very common. People have been exposed to different versions of a workshop.  It's like marketing. Sometimes the definitions change from person to person. So, you've had this initial experience with the concept.  Do you think you can recall, like, before you met Alex, what would your reaction be if I told you, yeah, I do workshops?  And you can be as honest as you want to. I wouldn't be interested.

18:55 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  So, on one hand, if you told me you do workshops... I'm Okay, that's cool. I don't know what you mean.  If you told me I help experts package their expertise in workshops, I wouldn't have seen workshops as an appealing vehicle.  Okay. It's not what I need. It's like, seems random. Okay, okay, okay, okay. It's almost like I needed to be informed of what it could be because it's like it's really this sweet spot between – it's like I see it now as probably one of the highest leverage ways to get output with all the decision makers in a room.  But I feel like where I would have been is if I told someone – have you gotten any of Alex James' emails?

19:56 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I thought I did, but now I don't remember getting – Okay, thanks. I signed up. Maybe I didn't.

20:02 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  I feel bad now. Anyway. That's fine. We were working on setting that up again because he's kind of run out.  But it would be a similar concept to if somebody told me like, oh, you know, you want to sign up to a newsletter and get weekly emails.  I think most people would be like, why would I want that?

20:27 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yes.

20:28 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Because had that mental model of workshops. like, yeah, that seems like I get enough emails. Why would I want more emails?  And then you find someone's email that's like, this is gold and it's a different story. But I didn't realize that until I almost got the email, if that makes sense.  So it's kind of. Yes, yes.

20:54 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So what I'm hearing, please correct me, is. You have had experiences with things called workshops, which probably they weren't workshops, but it's just there's so many ways of doing them.  And those experiences didn't frame workshops as something in the way that I'm trying to frame them. And to get like the goodwill of like, yeah, let's hear what you got to say.  You need it to be like, it's kind of like interrupting marketing. I would have to like, hey, stop, let me show you something.  And then you see it and it's like, okay, yeah, yeah, okay, maybe. But like the initial reaction, walking past the street and somebody ends you a fire, like, no, I don't want to work.  Yeah, that's the picture I'm painting. But you said a couple of very nice things like sweet spot, which is a very nice visual metaphor, highest leverage ways.  It feels this is perfect because your reaction to it feels a lot like what I'm thinking like, man, I wish people  You could see it, you were, like, a study example, like, you've been exposed to it, and now you see it, but it was not immediately obvious from the outside.  Okay, cool. So, from my understanding, it's like, you are convinced of the power of these kind of workshops, and...  But you don't... You have more, like, an openness to explore workshops, but you don't have exactly, like, a specific objective for a workshop in this kind of new business that you have, you're thinking about, like the market study newsletter called Email.  Is that accurate?

22:44 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  What do you mean by that? I don't have an objective. I was a bit...

22:49 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I was a bit rambling, sorry. So, we've established that... We've established, like, your initial perception of workshops, and also your current perception of workshops, and now...  Like, this is an interesting tool. Cool. So you're open to the idea, but it's not obvious to me in what way would workshops be useful for this business idea that you have, right?  Because maybe you don't need them. It's quite possible that you don't need them. Do you see a connection? Is there anything that you're like, oh, I wish people...  Tell me more about the connection you see between the idea and the workshop, if there's any. Hmm.

23:31 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Yeah. So actually, it was a little bit chicken and the egg, where I saw Alex doing workshops. I wanted to be seen as an expert.  I love the way he did it. And so it's the perception of the expert, seeing how well he did it, and being high leverage.  That was kind of the high leverage of it and being perceived as an expert. Because I guess as a website guy, you can be treated a little bit like a dime a dozen, because you're not really delivering.  Bring, maybe it's a tangible outcome for the people I was helping with. It's like, oh, we help you look like an expert.  kind of like, yeah, you're kind of lower down on the priority list. So I almost, after meeting and chatting with Alex, it was almost like, I want to do workshops.  What can I do workshops with? And so it was probably the other way around from most people because of that experience.  Whereas now, it's then been just figuring out, like, what is the outcome I want to deliver? So at the moment, it's looking like, and we're still kind of like figuring this out.  But stage one will be market research. And so what that might look like as workshops would be three to four workshops, one a week, maybe two, two and a half hours per workshop.  The first 15, 20 minutes would be copying Alex. So framing the problem, what it isn't, what we're doing. Instead, to try to get a bit more of an aha excitement moment, and then going into some activities.  So workshop one will be, who are you targeting? What are you selling them? Where do you want them to go?  Who should we be targeting? Who's your top 20% of your client base? In order to identify who should we be doing a survey of, and what do we want to know from them?  So setting that direction, that can be like roughly workshop one, workshop two, like mapping out the questions together. And then, so that's kind of what I'm thinking.  The bit that I'm trying to nut out is there is a decent amount of work that doesn't need to be done together.  Like buying the domains, setting up the cold emails, actually creating the survey. Once the questions are done, someone can just whip up the survey using...  Like type form or whatever it is, right? So the high leverage stuff would be understanding their target market, what they're going to achieve, what they want to be known as an expert in.  That's going to guide collecting the data. Then it's a question of where do we find these people? What are the questions that we ask?  And then it's kind of like reviewing the metrics. So there's probably like two or three workshops there, plus a bunch of work outside of workshops that I don't really want to do.  Eventually, I'll probably get a freelancer or something. In the beginning, I'll probably do it. But that's where my thinking is at the moment for like the first package.  So sell something like that. Next package would be nurture emails. So again, it's going to be diving into what's your process?  How do we construct? Like what topics can we write emails about? Let's outline those emails and creating different activities to structure that.  So again, probably follow Alex James' content structure of insight, old way, new way. Mic drop moment. So all of that can, I think, be quite effectively done on a call, whereas actually taking that outline, writing the final email, that doesn't have to be.  So there is definitely a bit of a hybrid thing, but I like the idea of instead of just having ad hoc meetings, which I do now, it's like, oh, we didn't quite finish this.  We'll do it next time. And you don't, you have a rough agenda, but it's not as defined, as smoothly executed, and it doesn't frame you as an expert as well, and doesn't also, like, frame the problem and stuff correctly.  I kind of just ramble a little bit like I'm doing now, and then we work through things.

27:47 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Got it. Does that answer the question? It does, it does, because, yeah, it doesn't answer the question. Gave me some ideas as well, because, for instance, I have an interview script that is a template, and I print it out for this stuff, right?  But still, I don't really stick to it super, like, it's not a form, it's just a couple of directions.  And just by having this, my conversations around this topic, because it's a script for this topic, get to be a little bit more defined, right?  Which is already an improvement over, yeah, let's talk about workshops. And the way you've been framing this, in my mind, is a lot, like, there's a spectrum of fully vibes, just, you know, see what comes out.  And there's, like, a fully, you know, an experience, like, it's a ride. Like, you enter a ride at Disneyland, and there's rails on it.  You've got to be amazed, but there's rails on it, right? So, I need my mind. And that's kind of how you're framing workshops.  They're kind of one of the stages in terms of how definitive, how defined is each touch point, right? Yeah, yeah.

29:12 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  If I had to, in my mind currently, and I'd be keen to know, maybe you can correct this if I'm wrong.  But to me, the difference between a workshop and a meeting is more around how defined the structure is. Is there a tangible outcome from it?  Can it be done over and over again and fine-tuned as a result? And I guess it's somewhat higher leverage type strategy work, usually, I guess.  Whereas a meeting, I guess, would be more ad hoc or maybe have a rough agenda. Generally, for meetings, I usually always set an agenda, like not email it.  But at the beginning of the meeting, I'll say, this is what I plan to cover. These are the three things.  Does that work for you? Let's get into it. But I would still see that more as a meeting as opposed to, yeah, like you said, a well-orchestrated ride where everyone would get a similar type of experience.  Then you can work out what really resonates, what really works well. I guess I see it more as the product equivalents, making the service into a product, I guess.  So I don't know. What's your understanding? What's the difference between a workshop and a meeting to you? I think a workshop is a kind of meeting.

30:39 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So a meeting is a bigger circle, workshop is a smaller circle inside of that. But it was very good to hear you say that because basically I define them.  Those are the key points. There's an outcome. You're doing things together and there's a structure that you follow and this structure has been...

31:00 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Find previously, right?

31:02 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It's repeatable. What you've mentioned that I sometimes I'm not so explicit about it, but I like that you did, is the higher leverage activities, right?  And in my mind, the reason why we can't do the higher leverage activities is because we are so intentional about setting the stage for a higher leverage conversation.  Like the workshop agenda, the workshop exercises, the workshop sequence nudges and guides people towards a higher level of discussion.  Like a very simple example is, and I know you get this, a very simple example is like, okay, so let's think about ideas for our next campaign.  You know, if you do this without the structure, it will be like a lively conversation at best, but maybe at the end, there's not a lot of closure and there's a lot of open loops.  You don't know exactly what's going to happen. So listen. It's really a strategic conversation because it lends itself to nothing, right?  But if you're very intentional about it, say, let's take 10 minutes and think about ideas, and at the end of these 10 minutes, we'll think about filtering those ideas, then the conversation can leave that level and move into the next level and move into the next one.  And then you can get strategic. So without the forcing function of the structure, the easiest thing to do is just to stay on the surface level of things, right?  So I'm repeating this back to you because I've never framed that that way, but it seems to me that that's kind of how you frame it, like the structure allows for high leverage discussion.

32:43 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Is this, did I get it right?

32:45 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, you also raise an interesting point there.

32:47 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Like I would think the structure allows for high leverage, but I think also the quality of it. Because something that I'm seeing is like, there's a, there's a spectrum you have meaning, which would be loosely.  Or really just a topic, then I would say there's probably two categories in the workshop camp based on what you've just mentioned.  You would say, hey, let's have a workshop to brainstorm some of the marketing campaigns. And then that's probably more of like a once off type thing.  So I guess that's less appealing to me. I want something that can be like contained and repeatable so that it's not a once off like let's workshop ideas.  I see that more as a really like well-structured meeting. I know people use the term workshop, probably is a workshop, but it's not what I'm after.  I'm more interested in the high polish, high structure, repeatable. And that's almost what makes you look more like an expert, makes it higher leverage.  Because every time you do it, it gets a little bit better. And you can't, it does warrant the extra effort.  Because if you're running a workshop, a workshop. So you're not going to spend eight hours preparing for a two-hour workshop.  It's unless it's like really crucial, probably not going to happen. Whereas you can do that with a two-hour workshop you're going to repeat, which then means those two hours end up being way more effective because of all the preparation.  Like you go in with Alex, he's got well-designed slides that he takes you through. He's got thought-out examples. It's like it's...  Yeah, I guess it would be the difference between somebody standing up at the front of the class versus a public speaker, a presidential election speech or whatever it is, right?  It's like it's well-rehearsed. All the details have been like paid attention to. It's like, it's an amazingly done speech.  And so the impact of that is so much more because we think, right, oh, I'll do twice as good and it'll be twice the results.  But actually, if you have a look at the result spectrum. Like the best-selling book will get 100 times the reads at the top 10 best-selling book, but it might have only been five times the effort.  So you put five times the effort for 100 times the results. So it's one of those things where it gets exponentially better the more effort you put in.  And so I think that that's a key concept that I've at least realized is having the ability to sink a lot of time into it.  And you can only warrant doing that if it's repeatable. And that also, in turn, makes you look more like an expert because it is so well thought out, all the details.  I see it as kind of like a five-star hotel. Every detail is kind of there. But you can only do that if you're getting a lot of guests and they're paying a lot.  And you know what I mean? It's like that whole experience. don't know if that kind of helped articulate it.  It does. It does.

35:52 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It does because I don't want to take too much time just to keep paraphrasing you. But... I It does, it does, because I've heard people come to me and say, I want my company to be seen as a luxury or object of desire, right?  So the comparison to luxury, luxury services, hotels, restaurants, you know, pops up every now and then. And, and to me, a lot of the feeling, a lot of the things that define luxury are this attention to detail that you can only do if, you know, you have margins that justify it.  And like the fact that the point is, excellence needs repetition, but to get, to be able to make repetition lucrative, you need to, to be able to, now wait, so expertise demands repetition, right?  But in order for you to be able to get those reps in, you cannot keep iterating every single time.  So you need to iterate on the same thing, and that sculpts a new thing. Okay, I think we know what I'm trying to get at.  I'm not getting the words, but we see the same thing. Yeah, I see that.

37:28 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  part of that then also, it's kind of like a flywheel in and of itself, because because you want to be good at it and put so much time in, you have to really define what it is you're doing, which makes me less likely to just service everyone and do everything, which then kind of has a positive feedback loop.  Whereas general services, it's like, oh, yeah, we can kind of fit you in because nothing's defined, nothing is as fixed.  And I'm We'll say like, oh, it creates processes and that kind of thing, but they're still very loose, whereas I think like a well-defined series of workshops, it's like, this is it, cool.  I'm now a premium service provider, so I'm putting the effort in accordingly, so I'm more likely to service the right people, and there's kind of like this positive flywheel where things get better because I put effort in, which makes me look more like an expert because I want to look like an expert, which means I deliver a better service, which means I'm more likely to like say no to someone else because I don't want to deliver a worse service to them.  So I don't know, so I kind of see it like as a cool, almost closed ecosystem of a better way to do it, and maybe you could say you could do the same thing by really defining SOPs, but yeah, I don't know.

38:52 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, tell me more about the comparison to SOPs, if you don't mind.

38:58 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Sure, I guess The thing in the business space, mean, I would still consider myself somewhat new to business, experienced enough to have a decent idea of how things work and what goes on, but I'm still only like two and a bit years in.  A lot of people talk about SAPs and the importance of SAPs, and it's almost like a given now that your business, if you want to scale, you need to have systems and structure and all of that kind of stuff.  And so that would be something that it's almost like, yeah, I need to do that. In my experience and in my friend's experience who has businesses, it's like, oh, whenever we try to set something up, doesn't get used by people.  It always seems to get outdated very quickly, and I haven't had the most success setting that kind of stuff up.  At the moment, the most success I've had is just creating like high-level checklists. But with like a workshop, I see the outcome of the workshop as like slides and activities, which...  Almost bakes in the SOP, but the difference is the deliverable is the SOP. So it's not like I'm using the SOP to create something from it.  It's no. The workshop slides and activities are the SOP. So by creating that, it creates the structure, which then ensures consistency.  And so it's kind of cool because, yeah, the SOP and the deliverable is the same thing, unlike other service work, which then means, yeah, it kind of gets used, gets structured.  So I guess that's the similarity. The difference would be that it's not technically an SOP. It's actually a deliverable, but it kind of gives the structure and the guidance in a way that you actually use it.  You know, you go through the workshop. You're like, oh, there's a typo there. Or actually, that's no longer relevant, right?  You're going to be more incentivized to update it than an outdated checklist document. That it's like, oh, it's good enough.  I kind of know what it means. Because your clients are actually seeing it. And so then, again, you have that cycle of it actually being maintained and actually being used.  And now it can be handed off to someone else. Because for me, I'm keen at the moment to run workshops and learn things and figure things out.  But personally, I don't want to be needed to do all the delivery. Like if I choose to stay in a company, which at this point, I think I want employees.  I think I want to grow a business. I don't want to be reliant on doing everything. But I'm a huge stickler for quality.  And so that idea of having like a workshop template that we use, which is the intellectual property, which is the SOP, which is the high standard.  It's like that's easier to kind of hand that structure off and have it be maintained and that kind of thing.  And train people on it. So, yeah, that's kind of another reason why I somewhat like it. I've never really made the SOP workshop connection before.  That was just in our discussion. So. Not something I've thought about consciously, but that I've realized that subconsciously, like, oh, I like the idea that there's an output of slides that can be used, that can be shown to new employees to train them, that can be sent as a reference to clients afterwards without me having to put any effort in.  So there's a bunch of cool things with it. Got it.

42:22 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Now I see the connection. I think there's, like, workshop, structure, SOP agenda, our meeting agenda, these things all relate to each other in different ways.  So it's, and I think they relate consciously and subconsciously, so it's good that we surface these things. Got it.  Thank you. Quick question, just a bit of a parenthesis. Is this a question, is there a question that in your mind you were expecting me to ask you, but I'm not asking you?

42:58 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  It's an interesting question. It's Um, not that I know of. I'll tell you why I asked this.

43:08 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Because I got a feeling, and it's just easier for me to do this. I got a feeling that in your body language, you got a little bit antsy.  And I was like, okay, am I going too autistic on this part? Maybe? I don't know. So, maybe there was something else that you wanted me to see, that you wanted to share, that I was not asking.

43:30 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  I think the only thing would be, I'm not sure if I'm rambling too much. You're not. not. I'll shrink my answers so that you can get through your question list.  Because, I mean, I can talk. So, you've just got to let me know. You've got to turn the dial.  How much do you want? How little do you want? Because I can scale that. I was kind of conscious about, like, just time-wise.  wanted to make sure you could get through what you wanted to get through. Okay. Thank you. That's generous. So, just to put you at ease.

43:59 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Uh, I- I never go through the entire thing in this conversation, so I usually pick and choose from which areas I'm getting the most signal.  So, for instance, there's a section about getting approval. Who has a say in creating a workshop? We're skipping this thing because that's you, right?  So this gives us a little bit more breathing room for the questions that you feel more connected to. Okay.  When you think about, okay, let's say you are convinced. Okay, I want to create a workshop and so on.  If you were to guess, what do you think would be the hardest thing about creating your workshop sessions?

45:04 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  There's two sides to that question. What would I think would be the hardest part now? And what would it be the hardest part before getting a look into this world with someone that's already doing it, kind of showing me what they're doing?  Because I think a lot of people don't have that. Okay, yeah, that makes a lot of sense.

45:27 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  What do you want to explore first?

45:31 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Well, I'll do the past and then present. So past Jason, the biggest bottleneck I would have had that I probably wouldn't have even realized is what quality looks like.

45:43 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And so seeing how Alex did something.

45:45 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  And the thing is, I haven't even done a full workshop with him. I've just seen how he starts the workshop and kind of like what the agenda and activities would be.  So it's only been a split. Thank you. But that's been really helpful just to be like, wow, there's actually, he's just, he's really good at content.  And so I think that's also made a difference. It's like seeing what quality looks like. And I think a lot of people talk about it in this day and age, right?  It's like AI is making it more and more evident who can think and who knows what quality looks like and who doesn't.  And I feel like seeing that was my realization to what quality actually looks like. And as a result, the power of a workshop.  So not knowing that previously, I think I would have had a way lower bar, would have been maybe taken a lot longer to get there.  Or the thing is like not even realized to work towards that because it just, the attention to detail and the intentionality and the level of output that like, or input that he puts in just makes things way more effective.  So, So, That was really helpful as an example. So potentially examples around what a good workshop looks like and the power of it.  I'm finding that's been extremely helpful in learning things. Like a lot of businesses would talk about, oh, we helped this client with this.  This is the high level overview. But I think there's a lot to say with actually giving examples. If I have a look at my content, some of my best performing content was where I actually said, let's redesign this website together.  And I did it live and like, let's tweak the heading to this because this is service focused, not outcome focused.  We're then going to change these colors because these colors look tacky together. Just stuff like that, you know, where you can actually tackle an example.  Having a look through Alex Homozi stuff as well, I'm assuming you've come across him. Some of his, a lot of his videos lately that seem to be doing really well is him getting business owners in and saying, cool, tell me about your business and let's figure out what your issues are and how to put a marketing and business plan together.  It's like an hour, hour and a half session where it's almost one-on-one business coaching, but you can see the specifics with different types of businesses.  That is like extremely helpful because I feel like there's so many small dots in between this is the concept and this is actually how you do it.  And so seeing someone actually do it. So that's probably what past Jason really needed, which after getting that from Alex, that was also kind of a tipping point of like, wow, this is actually...  Really cool. I see the potential this has. In terms of currently what I think will be the toughest part, I don't see any roadblocks currently of like, oh, there's a bit that I'm really not sure how to do.  I mean, the only thing that I'm kind of nutting through with that is how do I blend the stuff that needs to be done in the workshop and the stuff out of the workshop?  Because inevitably... There's things that can't all be done in a workshop. And so how do I address that so that there is actual output at the end of things?  Because ideally, you want to have four workshops to achieve an outcome. And somebody's got to do work around the workshops in order to achieve that.  So how does that work? Like from running a business point of view, you don't want to put any homework on the client.  But at the same time, I want to minimize that for me. So I'm kind of just thinking about how to do that.  So that would be one area. The other area, I mean, I feel like I have a decent idea for version one.  The biggest thing will be just doing it. So doing the research, writing out the content, doing the design and putting slides together, doing the structure.  So this week, I actually have started mapping. So like, what is the outcome I want to work towards? And then I've said workshop one, these things, workshop two, these things, workshop three, these things, like just thought points.  And then so then I'm going to continue workshopping that. When I get to a place where I'm like, I'm happy with this, Alex is also like, yeah, that's great.  Then it's going to be diving into the research a little bit more, figuring out what is the insight people don't know, how is that best done?  Which a lot of that comes from the idea in the first place. so I'm realizing like, kind of having that pre-research and idea and knowing what's worth creating a workshop and content on in the first place.  I'm finding naturally, just content in general, the whole content game is a game of contrast. What do people expect you to say versus what do you actually have to say?  And I think if you can start a workshop series with that in mind, like any It would be way more interesting.  I'm happy to go into that a little bit more if that would be helpful, but yeah. Yes, this is interesting.

51:11 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  We can use the next 10 minutes on that for sure.

51:16 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  So some of the things that Alex told me that's really helpful, and the thing is, this is kind of communication basics.  So it's not workshop specific necessarily, but I think one of the things that would have stopped me from being successful was actually knowing what's worth making a good workshop on.  Step one is almost like what a good workshop looks like and how I can use it. Step two is like what's worth making a workshop on.  I know I want to make one now, and I know my expertise can be used for that. But what exactly do I make it on?  How do I do that? Is it the whole process? What things do I include? What things do I cut out?  Who does the other work? And then it's kind of like how do I I come up with the idea that's worth presenting.  There was a study. Sorry, come again.

52:09 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So the first step is having an idea of what is a good workshop? Is that what you said? Yeah.

52:15 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  So the first idea is why workshops in the first place? Which is the thing that helped me with that is what a good workshop looks like, the impact of a good workshop.  Okay. So it could be really interesting if you did something meta where it's like, I don't know, creating a workshop and showing people how to run a decent workshop.  I mean, one of the guys that I was checking out this week, they started a company called Facilitator.com, I think.  Facilitator. They've grown pretty... AJ and Smart. Yeah, yeah, AJ and Smart. Yeah, yeah. And... And... ... Yeah, so his, so they kind of focus more on the outcome of, like, facilitation, which I think is the same thing.  Like, I don't really care about that. So I would have a look at the video on their website because they package it and present it in a way that gets you to care about it.  And they show, like, what is the problem? So, again, coming back to the communication thing, like, what are we trying to achieve?  Like, our meetings suck. People like meetings drain their time. We never get anything done. But the problem is, meetings are where all the decisions are made.  We need to meet together in order to make decisions. So how do we fix this problem? So it's going to be a very similar, I'd imagine, for you.  And so they say then the problem is not the meetings. It's the facilitation and planning of it. So they are actually going more towards the workshop way.  Yeah. Yeah, so he has a VSL on his website that I thought was reasonably well done. Yeah, they're decent.  But, yeah, that one. So what good looks like, why I should care, I guess. Step two, for me, anyway, was realizing, thinking through, like, okay, how do I use this?  What do I make a workshop on? And then I guess step three is thinking, okay, now how do I break things between the workshop?  And so for the step two, like, what do I make a workshop on? That's almost a little bit, I guess, business model-y.  Maybe it's just for me because I'm tweaking things, but for some businesses, I feel like there'll be maybe some tweak on a business model because it's almost like they're creating a new product to a degree, unless they already have some kind of program.  It's probably slimming down what you already have and being like, okay, does this work in a workshop? What I have, like, if I had to make websites in a workshop, um, Good.  Probably do something like that, actually, where you mapped out a lot of the content together. That would actually be kind of interesting to do that, where you kind of co-work on it instead of asking some questions, going away, making a whole bunch of assumptions, coming back and reviewing it, which is what I currently do.  So it's like, what can I make a workshop on? What is an interesting idea? And then how do I do the research?  How do I present that? How do structure it? Yeah, so for me at the moment, it's really just thinking through, how do I break things down?  What research do I use in each one? And really using that, just contrast. Like there was a study done, I think that the output was a book or a research paper.  They titled it, That's Interesting. And essentially, they looked into what defines something as interesting. Like we say, oh, that's interesting.  But like, what actually makes something interesting? Like, how can, if you had to teach a computer to say, interesting, not interesting.  Interesting. What would you do? How do you get it to know that? And essentially, they said interesting is simply defined as what you expect versus what you get.  And if you think of stories, like people would say, oh, tell a story. The story is impactful. Actually, it's not the story.  It's that the story sets you up to expect conflict. And the conflict is interesting. Because if I said, hey, Joao, I woke up this morning.  I had breakfast. I got to work. It was a great day. And, yeah, finished. Went out to have lunch.  And then, yeah, we are talking. It's a little bit anticlimactic. It's like I was expecting something. Whereas if I said, but you'll never guess, like pulled up to the stop street and this car just ran straight through and T-boned this guy right in front of me.  Right. Interesting. Because it's like what I was expecting and what I got was different. So that's the foundation of that.  And everything is better when it's interesting. People care more. They pay attention more. Ears prick up, they lean in.  And so that was phenomenally helpful for me with content, but really any communication. And so that has formed the basis of Alex's workshops and then also how I plan to structure mine, which is first 15 minutes is a speech on why you should care and why what you expect and what we're doing is different.  And so that's why I'm saying the idea of what to make a workshop on is quite important. So there's actually a few different bricks to it.  There's a little bit of product creation, positioning, and then the workshops kind of bring that all together. So that's the tricky part is like, would I think I'd be as successful if I didn't know all of that?  Probably not. Could I still be successful without it? Probably. But I just don't know if it would be as good or engaging.  you. Thank Thank you. So in summary, if you could give me an idea of like, this is what a workshop is capable of.  This is an example. This is how you know what should go in a workshop. This is how you choose an idea so that it's interesting and that it's successful.  And then this is how you structure it. Because I think knowing like the idea and choosing the thing is quite important.  And I think it's best done, which I think with you, if you're targeting expertise businesses, it should be the case where they see something wrong in the industry that they want to correct.  That's the foundation of interesting. And then how do I structure it? You know, our first 15 minutes slides. Slides are going to be the structure of insight.  Like Alex, James, and Starter, he has a work like three workshop pack where he goes through and helps people create sales decks.  And he will go through his opening slide would be B2B sales. This is broken. That's the insight. Next slide.  Data. 56% of B2B sales that you go through the pipeline of never end up closing. People do all the research, they chat to everyone, and they end up not making any decision.  They don't go with any vendor. So it ends in no decision. And that's majority. That's 56%. So what is wrong?  The fundamental way we're doing sales is broken. Ah, I'm interested now because you're telling me something I don't expect, right?  And then kind of the next step. Interestingly, during the lockdown in 2020, we had all the businesses closed, everyone at home.  But what that meant is that sales meetings came online, right, where they could be recorded and trapped. So what this led to was the largest study of sales.  Previously, there was a book published, Spin Selling, in 1988, analyzed 35,000 sales calls. The Jolt Effect was published in 2022, which analyzed like two and a half million or something like that.  And what they discovered from that is that prospects don't doubt you, they doubt themselves. And so they believe you're valuable, but they don't believe they'll be able to capture that value.  And that's what causes them to drop off, because they're not sure they're going to make the right decision. And so it's easier not to decide than choose and feel like they've failed.  Interesting, right? Interesting. So I'm like, this is part, like, if you want a valuable workshop, like, you've got to start and almost like capture attention, skyrocket.  The expectation of expertise, like this dude knows his stuff. And I think you can only do that when you can research and plan.  so like, what do you research? How do you go through that process? I'm finding chat DPT extremely helpful, like deep research.  This is what I'm looking for. So like these days, it's even easier to kind of like talk through that process.  But I think the fundamental of good communication is interesting idea, coupled with data to back that up the way that you expect it to be the way that it actually works.  And so you can see that in this example. I'm happy to go through the rest of it if you want to know.  But yeah, hopefully that's helpful. It is.

1:01:38 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It is very helpful. Okay. So a couple of things. First, thank you. You're not rambling. So you saw me leaning in.  You saw me taking notes. So I mean, putting down on my notes, like stop making notes, go on the phantom because the density is too good.  This was very good. I really appreciate how much you've shared here. Second thing, one of the ways in which this was very good was giving me an understanding of not just workshops from a productizing SPE kind of way, which was the approach that I talk most about, at least in the book.  For instance, in the book, in the section, how to pick a workshop, I talk about doing a workshop for something that you've done many, many times before, based on what you got as feedbacks from your clients.  Like, when you go and say, I really liked when you did this, the workshop on that. That's what I say in the book, right?  And this does not contradict what you're saying, but what you're saying brings an added element to it, which is like...  Okay, pick something that people like. Cool. But frame it in a way that's very interesting. And from an attention capture perspective, it's solid enough to make people want, yes, I want to do this.  It's not just about pick something that you shine on, but also pick something that you can frame in a way that gets it even more interesting.

1:03:26 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  So this was extremely valuable.

1:03:29 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Your points about workshops that frame you as an expert, not just because of the structure, but also because of the polish, because of the flow, of the tempo, of the insights, of the mic drop moments.  I don't know if that's an Alex name, but it's a great name. And so this was, this gave a lot of nuance, and it really proved that, man, if you're writing a book, go talk to people.  Because it's I think this was the best one so far that I've done. Oh, dude, sweet.

1:04:10 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  That's awesome. That means a lot. My biggest thing is I hate wasting people's time, and so I really try and make it as helpful as possible.  So that means a lot.

1:04:20 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, and did you notice that what made it helpful for me was how deep you went into these things?  So perhaps in your mind you were rambling, but the rambling was what made it most valuable because it allowed us to get into that nuance thing that I know what you mean, but I never thought about it in that way.  If we just kept that surface level, wouldn't get there. So I appreciate you.

1:04:54 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  I think about this stuff a lot. Business. And so my idea of a good Sunday afternoon is a two, three-hour walk with a business podcast.  So if I'm like, okay, this is the direction I want to go in, I spend hours every day thinking about, okay, how do we do this?  Yeah, we get immersed into it, right?

1:05:18 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And that's the thing about experts. Experts are really more curious than the other guys, at least on their thing, and you cannot compete with that.  Even if someone joins a profession for the money, there will be some guy that is in the profession because he likes it, and he will be more successful than the one that joins us for the money.  Even if the one that joins for the money is psychotic. The other guy is psychotic and curious. So yeah.

1:05:45 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Question for you, if I may. Absolutely. What is your book outline and what is your plan to release it?  Got it.

1:05:56 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So I don't have a plan to release it yet. Maybe. In the past, my failure mode has been around planning too much and doing too little.  So I'm kind of on purpose, not thinking too much about the release plan. I know that's best practice, but it's kind of a conscious decision.  About the outline, I can share the screen right now.

1:06:23 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  What's your plan to test the content?

1:06:25 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, doing the conversations or helping people like you to set up their own workshops. So this is on the table.  want to, you know, it's part of this thing we're doing, me helping you put together your workshop.

1:06:41 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Have you thought about taking something that, because I've been thinking about writing a book as well. It's on my roadmap, I don't know, for like a year or two, right?  Or to be done in like a year or two. So it's probably not a right now thing. But I think how I would go about it is I would test all the insights in the book.  would the So You By posting on social media. So I read an interesting post that you made where it's like, you know, what did I learn from posting every day for, I think, three months or something?  And you said, the reach is terrible. Yeah. And that's something that I used to feel as well. And then I met Alex.  And then I realized the reach isn't bad. I'm just boring. And so because he posts stuff, right? And I don't know if you've had a look at his posts.  It's insane. And that all roughly goes viral. He's grown to 12,000 followers with about 40 posts. So I'm like, okay, that flies in the face of everything that I thought I knew where people are like, quantity over quality, just do a lot of it and you'll get good.  And I think that advice is valid for most people because you won't get good without the practice. But it also just really made me realize better, two times better gets five times  I'm just the results. Alex had really put a lot of effort in. If you have a look, he did a post, not the last one, two posts ago, where he said he spent a day and a half, 12 hours on one post, and he got 250,000, 300,000 impressions on it, and a half thousand likes from this post that he made.  That's crazy, right? And it's following the same principle of insight somebody didn't know but potentially should, and then really going through what they expect, how it actually is, and then finishing with maybe like a tactical framework and then a mic drop.  So if you have a look at his post, you kind of see that structure. So anyway, the reason I bring this up is because to me it's challenged me to think, A, how can I be more interesting and get people to care about what I'm saying?  Because he's phenomenal at that. His whole thing is selling your product is your perspective. Like your... Perspective is your product.  Like, what does that even mean? Like, that's kind of nuanced. How do I do that? Why should I even care, right?  And he gets thousands of people to be interested in that because he's so good at starting and meeting them where they're at and leading them to where he wants to take them.  So I mentioned that for two reasons. One is I think it could be potentially interesting to start the book with an insight people don't realize.  Like, what is it that people, like, what makes workshops so valuable that people don't realize? What do people expect it is and what is it actually?  Like, you know, kind of a similar thing. So the guys on, like, AJ and Smart, they did this, right?  They contrasted, like, the inefficiency of, like, meetings are broken, but we kind of need them. That's the current structure.  This is the better way. Like, we see everything in a world of contrast. And so I'm realizing until we're shown another option, it's very hard to.  I why this one is better. So that's kind of one reason, one idea to potentially open the book that I'm kind of thinking about.  Like, how do I have the intro to the book be a social media post on how you should care about websites?  I mean, on workshops. So that's kind of like the intro. The second reason I'm mentioning this is because personally, I would then test that content on social media, write five different versions.  Post them online. Which one does the best? That's the direction that I can take. You can have multiple shots at it.  As soon as you put it in a book, you kind of like fix it. And that's kind of what it is.  And you get feedback, but you get feedback on the product as a whole. It's very hard to get detailed feedback.  Whereas one snippet and insight from it made into a post not only helps you create the content, it helps you know whether it's good.  But you can then tweak that because really it comes. A compelling story is really just lots of small, compelling chapters, and then a compelling chapter is lots of small, compelling thoughts, and so with content, you can continually expand out and expand in, and so personally, I would think, like, oh, how can I create shorts on all the different ideas, see which ones resonate more than others, because even if it's not, like, going crazy viral, there still would hopefully be, like, some variance in interest.  Like, people are really resonating with this. I now have people I can reach out to that I can talk to, you know, DM them, see what they think, as well as potentially get insights on not only informing what I do, but it's like, that is the writing work, right?  I can then really just take those and make them flow better, and there's the chapter. So anyway, I just thought I'd share that in case it's helpful.  It is, it is.

1:11:52 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And it's funny, because I'm, in my mind, I'm seeing, like, oh, I'm doing the thing that I usually do, which is try to do everything behind the scenes.  And then eventually arrived with the ready thing. And I thought, well, doing these interviews is already kind of building it in public.  But I see your point. Max Traylor does the same thing. Max Traylor publishes very vanilla posts, like no pictures, no video, to test out these ideas.  He wants to see how people react to the pure idea, right? Just the text. And it's exactly what he said.  I think it makes a lot of sense. And I can see how that is a, yeah, like training grounds.  don't know. But I appreciate the suggestion. I think it's a good one. And you made me think about how can I, you know, consistently, not just every now and then to have some weird idea and like consistently test out the different insights.  Cool.

1:12:51 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  And I think the thing that works so well with it, with the book, is you're supposed to be writing anyway.  Yeah. And so how can we take snippets and share them? And that'll kind of give you an idea. Because I think the thing that I'm realizing, have you heard of a guy called Callaway, Kane Callaway?  Kane Callaway, no.

1:13:17 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  He's recently blown up on YouTube lately.

1:13:20 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  I was in his kind of like mentorship for a little bit. He's pretty good, right? He cut his chops.  He got good at short-form content. Talking about tech and AI. 3D home printing.

1:13:34 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Sorry, can you put an app? Because I'm searching and I'm finding like weird wrestling guys. Yeah, he doesn't do wrestling.  Yeah, but it would be a very interesting career. Content. Okay. Content and wrestling.

1:13:50 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  I think he just goes by Callaway on YouTube. So he just crossed, I think, 100,000 subscribers. So Last month, I'll have a look to see where he's up to now.  He's been going on YouTube for about five or six months, and he's posted about 20 videos. He's just hit 134,000 subscribers, so the last time I checked was about a month ago, where he just hit 100.  So he's growing like tens of thousands a month, right? He's posted 35 videos. He also kind of is similar content to Alex James, like what makes content go viral?  And the thing that he found it boiled down to, again, is interesting. And what defines interesting? It's contrast. Most people think what makes a good workshop is X, Z, but actually it has nothing to do with that.  It's this concept. So you don't want to like clickbait people where you like never tell them the answer. It's no, you want to tell them the answer and you want it to be good, but you want it to be like not meaning.  The expectations, like for example, the sales process in B2B is broken. 56% of calls never end up closing. They go through, they do all the research, they talk to everyone and they never buy.  Like why? That's an example. But what he's found is he started cutting his chops on short form content for tech and AI.  Stuff that he later realized is very hard to start a business on. So he was living on brand deals and that kind of thing.  Spent a year or two just making content. Posted a video a day. After two years, he was getting, he's got over a billion views.  Millions of views. Like one out of four videos went viral for him. And he'd gotten, I think, 700,000 followers across his channels.  Just short form. Learning how do I take, how do I find an idea that's interesting and how do I package it in a way so that people care?  Yeah. What do you then do is realize like that's capping his business. Like tech and AI people don't have, they're not paying.  It's consumer driven. There's no money. So he's like, okay, how do I take this and start a business, teaching businesses how to use content to get clients, build expertise, and get buy-in from people, get people to care about what they do?  And so he goes through, I'm happy to have access to his stuff, happy to share things if it would be helpful to me.  But essentially what he goes through is, it's the exact same process, but the bar is set so low in the business world versus the consumer world, people don't try, they don't really try.  And they expect like business, in the business world, it's like, views don't matter, it's okay, just post consistently, it's high ticket stuff.  And because it's high ticket stuff, people can thrive off it, but they don't put that attention to detail and realistically say, yeah, you don't want to go buy.  Well, everyone, because that's not a dealing with your target market, but you should be able to go viral in relation to who your ideal demographic is.  Now, my demographic is B2B service businesses. Last time I checked, there's three million of them in the US, just the US.  I'm not getting millions, you know, viral would be millions of views still. So we kind of consolidate ourselves. Oh, I've got 500 people, that's 500 people, that's decent.  And I think that's right. I think we should like, not feel like we're failing if we don't get that because consistency ultimately is more important.  But it was just a helpful challenge to think like, how can I make, how can I force myself to be better and present things in a way that gets people to care, become a really good communicator.  And he has a very similar process to Alex James, where he says, you need to open, he calls it a context lean and a snapback, change in direction.  First line sets the context. So it could be like, a lot of people spend way too much on their mortgage, and they think it's because of  I interest rate because of this, because of this, but actually it has nothing to do with that. It's this thing.  So what is the context? What is the reality that is the case that you didn't think was the case?  That immediately, like, is that contrast bit. And then he will do two or three more of those as he goes through the video.  That was his short form videos. He found an average 60 second video needed two to three kind of section twists.  And I can show you an example if you want to dive deeper. But that's what he found. Now, what made his long form really successful is he did that six times.  And so it was attention to the small unit, right? A 60 second video has three 20 second pieces. Every 20 second piece needs to have a, you thought this, but this is how it is.  Let me tell you more, which means you might be thinking this, but actually it's like this. Let me tell you more.  And so you can see, like with Alex James's sale thing, B2B sales is broken. This is the... Later on that, that's like, oh, dang, what do we do about that?  Oh, okay, cool. Next thing, the big discovery is prospects don't doubt you, they doubt themselves. Kind of like closing that loop on why it's broken and then what we can do about it.  Open a new loop. They don't doubt you, they doubt themselves. New loop, right? Cool, tell me more about that.  It's like, okay, cool, tell you more. Normally, we try to do things in sales that create FOMO. We create a time discount.  Get 10% if you act today, or we hammer on the return on investment, or we talk about the cost of an action.  But it turns out these tactics make people less likely to buy. And so then we go through, it's like, it's not FOMO, it's FOMO, fear of messing up, not missing out.  And then it's like, don't build trust, dismantle doubt, right? Wrapping that up. So it's like, okay, what does that look like?  All right, cool. This is the usual sales deck format. it's like constant loops of creating curiosity, explaining that in a little bit more detail, summing it up, and then creating more curiosity.  And it's those micro things through a bigger piece. Calloway did three of those for a 60-second video. You watch some of his longer stuff.  It is that just constantly through his videos. And he went viral from, like, video one. And I say viral.  It's the tens of thousands of followers from some of his early videos. It's not crazy, crazy. But most YouTube people, like Mr.  Beast, would say expect to get zero views on your first 100 videos. That's the expectation. Because most people suck.  it's not about how many videos. It's about how good you are. And that's back to the five times the quality gets 100 times the results.  But anyway, the reason I mention that is because that's what I would try to be doing with the book.  The book, 10 chapters, each chapter, five concepts. Each concept is a post. How do I structure this compellingly? Really think through that as a post.  Now I have that concept in a way that resonates and hits home. Let me stack those in a book.  Stack them. Like, stack them. Anyway, ramblings from a guy that thinks about this stuff a lot. You should send me an invoice.

1:21:07 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  This was amazing. So the point is, it makes sense. I should do that, and I want to do that, and I think I will do at least parts of it.  Maybe I will be able to realistically do all of them. But I think this is a very good point.  And again, in that book, Write Useful Books, one of the tips that he gives that I think relates to this is that in the chapter names, tell people what they will get out of it.  Tell the insight in the chapter, right? So instead of saying, how to set up a workshop, the chapter should be like, shorter workshops are easier to sell.  I don't know, something like that, you know?

1:21:52 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's great. I've been trying to do that.

1:21:55 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  We're not going through the whole thing right now, but I've been trying to do that in the chapter. I contents, but this is a very useful reminder from you because it's always possible to, you know, increase that, you know, turn it to 11.  You gave me a lot to think about. So actually, I'm getting antsy. think I need to walk around the neighborhood for a while because this is good stuff.  I really appreciate you sharing this with me. Thank you. No problem, man.

1:22:31 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  It's a lot of years of frustration trying to figure this stuff out. Oh, I have some of those, too, so we can share my – I share mine.  Nice, nice. Thank you so much. Pleasure, man. Pleasure. Absolute pleasure.

1:22:46 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  We have our next call booked in for a few weeks.

1:22:49 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Perfect, perfect.

1:22:50 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And the next one is in learning one or a teaching one? I don't remember.

1:22:54 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  I think it's alternated, so probably teaching. Cool, cool. So for me to to –

1:23:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  To help you set up the workshop, I think just the way you thought about this, like the pyramid, like what do I want to do a workshop on, just if you can have like a running list of questions or things that come up, and I mean, if have my contact, you can send me questions before that.  Yeah, I want to be helpful. It's good for me to be helpful, so feel free to ask stuff even before the meeting.

1:23:32 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Cool. Yeah, likewise. If you have a question, happy to flick it through, bounce idea around. I'm excited because I feel like I've kind of found my people.  It's like, ah, you know, it took me a while to realize like, ah, there's this concept of people that are passionate about being experts, they're smaller businesses, but they're punch above their weight.  guess that's, yeah, like peers in the space. I'm like, this is exciting. I like. People like you and getting to know and help.

1:24:04 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  the speed at which we've built rapport I think is indicative of a certain kinship of mind or how we see the world.  yeah, very much likewise. I feel the same way.

1:24:18 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Cool, cool, cool. Thank you, Jason.

1:24:21 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Awesome. Have a nice rest, I guess. And I'll see you in a couple of weeks, if not sooner. So there's a lot of stuff here, man.  I need to process this. Great. No, all good.

1:24:34 - Jason Brown (Palettide)
  Thanks. Have a good day. We'll chat soon. Gotcha.