---
title: Customer Interview 30min - Geoff Tucker
date: '2025-03-28T18:15:00.000000Z'
duration: 30m
participants:
- João
- Geoff Tucker
source: https://fathom.video/calls/263167500
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:07:37.186605+00:00'
---

Customer Interview 30min - Geoff Tucker - March 28
VIEW RECORDING - 54 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/dqgcr2HsPQ35t45-kCsau_zHf-nbqFf9

---

0:02 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  probably more than a year. Yeah, I think it's about things for me. It snuck up on me. I think I was resisting it for a while and then, you know, it's really good.  And it gets better.

0:17 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  then I get on calls and people are, they like it. And then they want the cotton. So I'll send them a copy of the meeting and they like it.  So I've got a free few months from referral. Luckily, it's not very expensive anyway. But yeah, it's always nice to get it for free.  Sure.

0:37 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So thank you. Thank you for making the time for this. And I had some questions. took a look at your just your stuff.  And maybe I should introduce myself first, given this is the first time. Yeah. So my my name is very difficult to pronounce.  If you're not not a native speaker, so don't worry about it. is, everybody asks about this, know? So it's João, it's like John.  Okay, João, yeah.

1:07 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  Yeah, know, Babel, you know, that's what I associate it with, right?

1:14 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Cool, yeah. So this makes it easier for sure. And basically, I create workshops for consultancies and agencies and knowledge work that, you know, it's usually a little bit abstract or clients struggle to understand and so on.  And one of things I've started to do, I've been talking about this for a while and, you know, writing, newsletters, the whole thing.  And one of things that I've started to do is try to collect all these thoughts on a book, right?  Yeah. And I read this amazing book called Write Useful Books. I don't know if you've seen it. It's really good.  If you ever think about writing a book. Yeah, I've already got it and I've got minds coming out next month.  So yeah Your own book is coming up. Oh nice. Congratulations. How was that?

2:12 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  Lot of work Thank God for Claude That helped me really like figure out kind of the framework of the book How to structure it and it really helped surface a lot of You know how it is it's like and there are things that you know But you just don't know how to like bring them out into the world because you just don't know how to say it And it really helped flesh that out.  So I Took it from there and then built a really detailed outline Started off trying to just take the outline and write it myself and then it was like this is gonna take forever So I just had it.  I just kept feeding it. Here's what I need you to write in this Right let it do its thing.  And then I would come back and kind of make it sound less AI written and put my own little bits in there.  And so I got through all that. along the way, the guy's email went to my spam. what they do is they help like, you know, independent writers get published and they do the, they do the editing for you.  So I was able to take my not very well written manuscript and turn it into a copywriter. We made it into something very presentable and structure.  then I would proof it and change a few things. And I added some just a couple of minutes. So that took a while.  Then, you know, they do the design. So I got the cover last week. And then and now they're going to start working on like the design of the book because I want kind of a workbook format.

3:59 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  The premise

4:00 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  So it's essentially like 60 days of transforming your data into revenue, because some of the companies, that's kind of my starting point is most companies, their data is just terrible.  And that's one of the big reasons they can't move forward very effectively. And what I lay out is, you know, how to get a handle on where your data is coming from, and then how to manage where all that data is going once it hits your system, and then knowing how to deal with it wherever it eventually ends up.  So it's kind of customer journey, but it's more taking a data hygiene process, rigorous process that's defined. And everybody actually has a grip on things that are happening, people are taking ownership.  And then reporting that kind of sits over all of that to help you actually see into your data so you understand where everything's going.  And so that's kind of the way. work that I end up a lot of companies. You know, and I'm getting ready to kind of change it up a little bit because I'm finding that marketers are just they're not really succeeding in the world right now.  There's too many. I think the problem is go to market is changing so much right now and it's getting real technical.  So I don't know if you've seen it, but like I'm even seeing the job title go to market engineer, which previously was probably more like marketing ops, but they've layered in that.  No, we want you to actually, you know, go to market. So you got to be more astute with the technology and all these systems and tools much more than you used to be to be a marketer.  And so I think what's going to happen is the people who understand the marketing concepts that need to to market will be this person and then the  engineer is the one who translates the idea into the real world execution, but I'm kind of pivoting to moving over to like working with heads of sales, C-suite at the least, because for whatever reason you make better money working with C-suite, but you're working with the decision makers, you get a lot of depth into their business, you're able to advise on a lot of stuff in that very objective, biased way that they need to get, and it's just much more enjoyable.  I don't want to get hired to like build your email campaigns and send out that you can hire somebody for 50 bucks an hour off of work to do that kind of stuff.  It's just not what I want to do. But anyway, so that's kind of what the book's all about, and it's kind of about making money from selling a book.  It's not using the book as a calling card. publishing authority. So then once I did get through all of that, I dumped the manuscript back into claw and I've had it start writing blog posts for me.  Putting those up like once a week on my site, and then I post them again to my LinkedIn, you know, thread.  So and it's just all related to this stuff. So I'm just trying out some different things. I've seen some people do some really kind of nice approaches with some of their posts.  And I think I'm just gonna have to move more to the here's the harsh truth kind of statements, those things resonate a little better.  But I also want to start putting stuff out there like here's how to do blah, blah, blah, because people really like that stuff too.  Yeah. But to that end, you know, when you and I were chatting through Slack, I guess it was early 20, yeah,  early, mid 2023 actually that I did it. I wrote a full deck of a course. I can actually find it and share it with you.  Where the intent was to have sort of a multi-part workshop to help people develop their lead scoring methodology because a lot of people want it, but they don't really understand how to set it up correctly and then they over-complicate it and all that kind of good stuff.  So, you know, the intent there is, here I'll give this link, but I've never done anything with it. Don't ask me why.

8:56 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Well, I wasn't into SQA.

8:58 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  Yeah, I think because I don't want to We had another guy out there offering a course, you know, I think that's part of it.  Thank you for sharing the link.

9:09 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, yeah, I don't mind you taking a look at it.

9:11 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  So I spent a lot of time working on that. But the intent was to coach them through the process, to give them the tools to understand how to go through the discovery steps to get the consensus with all the right people in the room, how to really get a handle on understanding who your customer truly is, because a lot of puppies don't know how either.  They think they do, but they don't. It's insane, right?

9:36 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Unbelievable, isn't it? I keep having a similar conversation. Yeah, for all sorts of reasons. Sorry, I interrupted you. just, I see that.

9:48 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  No, no, no, you're fine. It's amazing, but I mean, you know, even though it is amazing and kind of like how do you make money despite yourselves, I just look at it as opportunity.  Yeah, and I think you just got to catch them when they're at that point of awareness that what they're doing doesn't work and they need help, you know, or it's like it's the head of the department and they've got a staff of one and it's like we can't do this ourselves, you know, we've got other things we have to take care of.  And a lot of these companies do have very small marketing teams. Typically, one to three people is what I see, which is woefully understaffing.

10:34 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah.

10:35 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  So, and also, but going back to like the credibility issue with heads of marketing, I think that's another problem, because, you know, like, apparently the current CMO 10 years, like 18 months, 22 months, something like that.  But the heads of sales, they tend to be a lot more clearheaded about knowing what needs to get done.  And they're just very focused very black and white kinds of people so it's a little bit easier to deal with them in a way So to that end I'm working on putting an offering together.  That's built around What I'm calling unified view so in other words that would be the reporting suite that sits on top of those three pillars that I described What did you say?  No, no fight as in you unified unified unified unified view So it's that start to finish view of what's happening with everything but Another thing I'm discovering is a lot of these sales fee managers.  They don't really have the tools to Really see how their sales people are performing and the level of activity that they're doing and you know There is definitely in sales.  There's a correlation between how many phone calls and meetings as to how much they're able to sell and I think a lot of people are you know they've been able to kind of fly under the radar because all that stuff was it really as visible but now with the system it all becomes transparent right like another client that I'm working on he's setting up metrics of there are this many days in the quarter here's how much of the quarter has elapsed and here's what your goal is and here's how much of your goal you've met so far so it helps him understand are you are you on course behind or ahead so that's another little thing I'm working on in the background but yeah again the intent with the book is I'm just trying to go out to the bright businesses I've been identifying those I found a tool that helps you do look-alikes so it was helpful and so I was able to find a bunch of those and I'm just going  out and sending out connect requests on LinkedIn to the right people. It's like, hi, I saw you do this.  I've got a book coming out about it. If you'd like a copy, I'd love to send it to you.  So, you know, I'm not asking any sales of them. So far, they're accepting the fact requests, but nobody has said, yeah, send me a copy.  So I need to keep, you know, it's a numbers game. I need to keep reaching out to people. But one thing that the publishing company will do is they'll also help set up the market to help attract conversions.  So hopefully that'll actually turn into a little bit of a lead funnel for me because it's not like I need customers.  I just need like four to five good ones that are typically like four to six month contracts. And then a lot of the time, these people I work with, I just ended up continuing to work with them because they just want me to stay around.  I don't know. Not always, but sometimes.

14:05 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, I would assume this is my paraphrase and if I got it wrong, please correct me. So there's a couple of things that, you know, I noticed.  So the first one is that this thing that you do in terms of like, is it accurate to say it's related to data quality in terms of.  Absolutely. Um, it's very contextual, right? Because each company sets up their systems in their own ways and makes different variations of the same mistake, right?  It's same mistakes, but in different ways. Yeah, so I would guess that once you get in and you have so much context, it's like, yeah, let's get Jeff, because he knows, you know, what's happening in those as we trust him, we're like, yeah, yeah, this is the picture I'm building on my mind.  lines of I don't want to be just some of the guys selling a course something like this.

16:05 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  Yeah.

16:10 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  What else can you tell me about putting the because I totally identify with this I've created things that I didn't show outside so I'm not touching but yeah can you tell me a little bit more of of that decision of not not launching it.

16:25 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  I think partly I don't want to get pigeonholed certain and to like the lead score got it because I mean I'm being real honest.  I don't really believe lead scoring is worth it unless you're doing huge volume and most of these companies aren't.  I think it's a waste of time but a lot of people want it. It can be sort of an angle into a business.  Oh, like, here's a standalone offering and we'll do this exercise, but inevitably it is going to bring in and raise the issues of their data quality with everything I do is always going to do that.  So it can still open the door to, okay, you need to engage me to help you fix all this other stuff before you can even do this thing.  Second of all, Well, I guess the back of my mind, it's like if somebody going to steal the content, know, but I don't know, I don't know how much of a threat that really is, unless of course you're someone big because I'll see little threads here and there on Reddit or somebody will be like, Oh, I've downloaded the whole content library of so and so course, you get it, you know, the reselling it for 10 bucks, right, that kind of thing.  I think that's really only a threat if you're like a really brand name. And I guess I just wasn't quite sure like how to go to market with it to like make it an offer.  Plus as I looked at all these like teaching or course platforms, they weren't that cheap. I didn't think and I didn't want to spend the money on them if it's just kind of kind of if it's you're out other things to Sorry for the night in New York just sent me something funny.  So maybe I can use it as like a formula for other topics. Mm-hmm. Yeah I don't know. I guess it's just a reluctance of how's the market, you know, gonna react to it.  Will anybody even have the interest in it? Maybe that's what I should offer up as a freebie, know, because it's a high-value thing, and just use it as a lead gen tool, like you can get my lead score course for free, just sign up here, and you know, and I'll just vet them myself and give them access to the deck and that kind of thing, because there's not videos or sessions or anything like that really a part of it right now.  It's just the deck and some supplemental bits that it links to. So yeah, I guess that's it, and then I just got busy with other things and kind of let it fall into the background.

19:51 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm very familiar with that as well. Client work and working on the business, working in the business.  kind of thing, and when I mentioned like the idea about workshops and you kind of said you raise your hand, anything specific around workshops that you're intrigued by that you wanted to see out of this?

20:24 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  Yeah I mean I guess it was just because you know I had this thing sitting in the back of my mind that I need to do something with it after all the work I put into it and then you popped up and it was like well maybe I should talk to them and see you know is there a way that makes it worth putting it out there you know in some fashion right just to see what what response it gets and like kind of how do I even do that?  Mm-hmm, I could like stick it up on LinkedIn but you know I don't want to be another one of those comment blah blah in my post and also do the link I hate those posts half the time what they send you is junk if they even send it to you Yeah, I fell for it.

21:13 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So many times. It's just bad engagement farming. Yeah.

21:17 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  Yeah, and it's yeah I think worth it.

21:20 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So just um just today like a network. So there were some people like Expressing exactly some opinion is usually  stuff and and what it and sometimes you don't even know because they don't send you the stuff So it's a lot of that.

21:38 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  They don't they don't mean well and that kind of goes back to the whole course thing of You know There's so many of these like little Hustle bros You know what I'm talking about and they're just They're just honestly kind of  little guys who they think they're gonna be something  and they're out there for whatever reason, basically, know, they don't wanna take a corporate job. So they think they're gonna go out there and build something, right?  But they don't have any knowledge.

22:13 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  They don't have any, it's optional, a knowledge is optional.

22:17 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  They don't really have much of any intelligence to offer, you know? It's like, why are you all even trying this?  don't know what you're talking about. And then I'll see a lot of people on some of the Reddit threads, oh, I've been looking into marketing and I'd really love to go into marketing.  Are there some courses I can take on it? And I'm like, you don't belong in marketing. No, it's the naive a tag behind it.  So yeah, I, you know, it's probably about the best answer I can give you. No, it's good, it's good.

22:54 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So here's what I'm thinking. So there's no, I had some questions. Not much more than that. There's not a lot of agenda.  Fine.

23:04 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  I mean, are you trying to help people to build their courses to get them online? Like, I didn't kind of know what you were doing.  Yeah, I didn't explain that too well.

23:12 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  No, I'm not so much a course guy. I never created an online course for people. What I do is that I help people create workshop sessions.  Have you ever been to one of those sessions where there's a whiteboard, like on a Miro board, and you would go through it?  So that's what I do. And the reason why I do that is basically, there are no more simple problems, right?  I mean, everything is connected to everything else. have to do something more, for sure. And so the ways of working with problems are different now, right?  You can't just, you know, what they used to call the diagnose and prescribe model. You arrive, you say, that's what's wrong with you.  to do this thing and then they do it and it works. right. We can't pretend that things are as simple as they used to be.  They aren't. No, I'm sure. Like when you mentioned moving into the C-Suite, I would assume that this is also something you've noticed, which is like everything becomes more strategic, like oh, if you guys do this, this will have these implications.  It's OK, but you need to know that there's these implications. So there's a lot of second order effect and stuff like that.

24:28 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  Yeah. Yeah. And it's the other thing. this also is probably a comment on my career is just because I've worked corporate jobs for like 20, 30 years.  Is it just always seems like the people in those decision making roles usually are not really the right people, at least the companies I've worked at.  And I'm not saying they were bad people or anything, but they a lot of them. just kind of paralyzed with they didn't know how to make a decision or they got so caught up in the politics of the company that they just never if they just kind of stayed in their own little space you know and they weren't really they didn't keep up with what's going on in marketing they had like crap for tech skills I mean it was just maybe I just had a bad run of luck in my career of the people that I worked with but you know and the sales here would always be some old school guy that's honestly just a jerk bother lying alcoholic yeah probably so but I do take that as a sign of that's probably the average is yeah yeah but because so to connect that with why I like workshops if you've been in those sessions

26:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  There are more hands-on right and they also have this thing That I've been calling shoulder to shoulder like you are with a client working with the client to solve the problem Right.  Yeah, I have work.

26:14 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  I call them working sessions where we just sit there and yeah, very good Very good dash board together because you're you know what you want, but I need to do it explain some stuff to me I know how to make it work You know, there's things in your business you got explained to me.

26:32 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Exactly Exactly. So you arrive at the interact interaction with subject matter expertise around how to make this work And they arrive at the interaction with context expertise about their company, right?  They understand their world and maybe there are things they don't see about their company Yeah, because they're too close, but you can see because you've seen other companies, right and There are many ways of you know creating space for this sort of  interactions, more collaborative participatory interactions. workshops are just one of them, right? I like workshops, so that's why I talk about them.  But because they mix these tools, these exercises that help you sense make together with the client, like tell me about your thing and there's a structure to them, they're flexible, but there's a structure to them, they're usually useful for this kind of strategic high level, difficult to pin down discussions, right?  Because when people have a lot of things on their mind because they are at the high level, oftentimes you start talking about one thing and then other things come up and they did tour the whole agenda and those things are also important to talk about at some point.  But if this relationship, if this interaction is not framed, it's very easy to have like a really lively discussion.  And at the end it's like, what did we decide on? What do we have more clarity on? Well, that's why I have Adam.

28:07 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  Yeah.

28:09 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So that's what I like about workshops. You just structure these collaboration moments. And I've been helping people to get their own proprietary or flagship workshops, kind of a taster sometimes of their expertise.  So this is, for example, do you know when you go to a SaaS page, there's a book a demo kind of thing?  So it's a little bit like that, but for services. So can you have a workshop or a session where you work on a problem with the clients, right?  On a problem that is small enough to be able to do on a session? So that's difficult. But at the end, there's something, right?  At the end, they have. Clarity or they can have four things you can have clarity. They can have a plan They have a decision or they can have an artifact like a canvas or something like that.  Yeah, and I'm trying to you know put in the reps of Not just doing it for my clients, but like teaching it to more people.  So I write a really good book. That's basically the idea And thinking about the context you're telling me And the the reason why I was asking so much about so tell me about the course why didn't you launch it?  What's your perspective in this? was to figure out If it would make sense to you know to try to put together a workshop From my perspective at this point is like The the context for a workshop exists like you have these deep technical expertise that you need to work with decision makers that are  you know time stressed and maybe attention stressed. Yeah they are they tend to be right and you need to make to guide them to a decision that they will you know support later on which is the good thing about workshops people participate in the decision so you get the buy-in it's the buy-in is built in and so in that context I was thinking okay so is there a workshop that maybe I could help you create that would be a good taster for this thing and this is at low cost because as I said I want to put in the reps and the only thing I need on my side is like we would need to frame this as kind of a commitment like let's do this right like for me the worst possible case is like we spend like three sessions and then we abandon it and yeah I didn't learn much you didn't apply that's that's not the best scenario  But to me there's something here that maybe we could explore. Well, I have an idea.

31:08 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  Let me do a screen share here with you real quick. So, going back to what I was talking about, shifting eye focus more to like sales leadership and building out the reporting and the data cleansing and the operations and all of that.  And I have a client who is sort of as a case study was kind of the inspiration for this because of so much of what we've done for him since August and we're still doing.  You know, we're getting deeper and deeper into how they're running things, but it's making a difference in their business because now they can see things they've never been able to see before.  And they're an old business, but young leadership and the idea is I've got this and then did I hang on a second I'll share one other thing here with you so this makes more sense.  So what I did was I took my case study and I fed it in the cloud and it was like you know I want to build this offering that I'm calling the unified view and it's meant to be like a complete reporting suite for the sales leaders so that they can see all this stuff and I think if I like productize that then it's a lot easier for them to get their heads around because as you said they are kind of attention and you know trying to make sure it's really straightforward and simple so that they can have that yes I want that reaction they tend to be that kind of decision maker right it's it's they're very quick yes or no  Um, then there's this guy who writes this newsletter. Um, and he was in his newsletter this week. He wrote about how a lot of these firms in the portfolios of the companies have trouble reporting.  They end up creating too much reporting and they just kind of, they can't find the signal for the noise.  And he came back and it was like he got a slim and so he came up with this and I thought this was a really good framework.  And I then went back to Claude and I was like, here's the product offering that I've drafted so far.  I want you to combine it with how he's done the framework because I want to structure it this way because I was also trying to figure out how do I even like present this on a website page.  And so coming back to here from here down because what's up above is what I originally wrote. mm-hmm or down is that is that distillation right and so it gives you all these nice little buckets with what the reports would be in there and I can come back and flesh that out myself even further um but I wonder if with this maybe I hate to use the word webinar but do you think like maybe if I got I don't know do you think this would work as like as a special summary maybe do you think I haven't read it yet with the basic idea of let's help these guys create uh the right kind of reporting to to ease the pressure there

35:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  feeling right now. I think that feels like a very good offer. Yeah, intuitively. And it's okay. That feels like a very good offer.  That's for sure. So now, the way I think about this is, do we provide them with a framework as something that they can download and like the PDF and use, or do we guide them through the process of creating the framework?  Well, feeling in the framework.

35:31 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  Yeah, exactly. Maybe it's a bit of like, if you want me to build this out for you, like here's the work sheets you need to go fill out.  Because here are the answers I'm going to need in order to build this for you. But it also gives them a sense of, oh, he's giving me the blueprint.  Now I can just take this and we can go do it ourselves. And I know that chances are good, they won't be able to do it themselves.  will try and fail is what will happen most of the time. Some of them may succeed, but a lot of the time you're going to try and fail.

36:06 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, the outliers might apply for sure, but this is actually this is a good point to explore because especially now with AI and everyone is using AI, I think the impact, I remember like when I downloaded my first book from the internet, a book I wanted to buy and I kept that thing on an external hard drive for years because I didn't want to lose that book, right?  The internet was slower, there were less things on the internet, it was really, oh my god, I'm really glad I got this book.  It was a concept art book, like teaching people how to draw. Now, we don't even have the desktop PDF folder anymore, like we just leave it in the downloads folder and every couple of years we change computers and delete that folder, So we have a different relationship to information, I think.  The fact that we get it Like yesterday I got I was trying out the Gemini thing to do some research for me.  Yeah, I think I think it was pretty decent That took half an hour. I'm like, yeah, I'm a good, you know Well, I on that note.

37:14 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  So have you ever played have you played with Google notebook? Okay, so I took a bunch of my fathom calls Come in there.  I dumped the manuscript my resume A number of things I've got about 30 or 40 things in there so far.  know the limits like 200 I've also ended up doing a lot of training in HubSpot with sales teams So that was good to put in there and it was really helpful because a couple weeks ago.  I Had to do two one-hour sessions with a group of people and I went into that LLM And I was like, here's my group of people.  Here's what they need to learn. I need a good rich held agenda of training for two hours I was like God that just saved me hours and I was done in five minutes.  What was your conviction level? You mean in the LM?

38:18 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Not so much a trust that the LM did a good job.

38:23 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  Oh I helped it did based on things that it put in the agenda. I could tell it did the right job.

38:29 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I use AI like every day all day for many things like for coding and for research so I'm a big fan but what I've noticed is this like when the answer comes fast if the answer points towards the difficult decision that will require conviction for me to you know implement I won't I will just keep looking for other answers yeah I suspect other people do this so what's my point I think I think I'm taking like a  a long way into this, I suspect that just giving them the worksheet doesn't like what you said doesn't lead to a huge transformation.  Oh, this is nice.

39:13 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  And they'll set it to the side, never work at it again.

39:15 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So perhaps by increasing the investment on their side, like, Hey, guys, you can you can have me for maybe 45 minutes, and we'll do this together.  And then you can figure out if you want to do this as a group or as an individual thing, but there's there's levels we could push.  And then they do it with you. And you are the expert on these things. And at the end, they have their own customized worksheet for the dashboard that they will need to make or the report they'll need to make.  The conviction that they have in makes sense to follow this map is completely different. It's like they put in an investment of their time, right?  Yeah. Even in money, depending on how you market this. So that's a way I think we could use your framework, apply it in the context of a workshop session or a session.  You do it with the people, with their prospects or their clients. At the end, there's an outcome, which is a condition for a workshop, like people need to have a thing at the end.  And worst case scenario, you're doing research in real time to see what they can do or what's not hurting.  And best case scenario, you are already the guy that has the context, because they were talking to you. And it's very easy to just say, you know what, come here and try to help us out.

40:46 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  Well, and I need to get out there and do some things like what you're doing right now, which is talking to your buyers, because I really haven't done that.  Luckily, I have a friend who. is he's retired early as a CRO and now he sits on boards for different companies.  he, his book came out, I think, January. His book focuses on how CROs can deal with the board when private equity is involved and how to be successful with them, because there's a lot of pressure from those people, right?  And sometimes they just, the CROs, these heads of sales, they've been around a while, but they've never really had to answer until I could board truly, right?  And they just don't, they don't know how to do it. So that's, that's the gap that he's filling in.  And as well as how to hire, how to manage, because we start together. So I've seen how his practices work in the real world, and they are effective.  But I'm, what I want to do is kind of take this unify the to offer tidy it up because I've already just bounced it off him like, you know, as the head of whatever with something like this interesting, he's like, Yeah, I love that.  And so I want to take him deeper and get more point of view, refine this, make it sharper. And then find some heads of sales that would just be willing, you know, to take a call and kind of do what you're doing, you know, and walk through it that way.  And further refine it. And I think, you know, that comes a backdoor way of probably making a sale. So I took you off track there, but no, no, no.

42:46 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So I think I think we are kind of aligned in a sense. yeah, with this, if I put together like a plan for a set of conversations, structural conversations, and we together, we try to put together  workshop. Would this be interesting to you? Yeah, yeah, I think so.

43:03 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  It'd be nice to have someone to partner with on something for a change.

43:08 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, I know that feels great. I'll do that. I'll put together plans. like I said, this Intel collection for me.  there's no sweet. Yeah. And I'll, if we move into it, and I think it's just important that we try to stick to the plan and get at the other outside of the other end.  But other than that.

43:38 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  Yeah, I'm at a point right now where unfortunately my workload is too light when it comes to my work.  So I'm trying to take advantage of while I'm doing some outreach and networking and seeing if I can stir up a little bit of work here and there through that.  to, you know, keep payroll flowing as well as the other expenses. I'm just trying to take advantage of this this downtime and not sit here and watch TV but do things like this.  yeah for sure.

44:17 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I've been working for myself for a while. I can't take a break in the afternoon to go to a movie.  It's like that's a cardinal sin. Either you have client work or you're working on your own thing because some friends of mine are like, no, you can do it.  But yeah.

44:32 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  I mean, I did catch up on Wednesday with somebody I worked with about 15 years ago, but we've stayed in touch and he do you remember a couple of years ago Silicon Valley Bank when they suddenly, yeah, okay, he was working there somewhere in the marketing VP level, something or other.  after the bank went away, he just went ahead and was like, I'm just go out work for myself and he's been doing it for about a year and a half and he said you know it's been feast or famine and it's kind of famine right now um but he may have some work that he could bring me into he's got sort of an MVP of a startup he's working on he's got his consulting stuff he's working on um so yeah it's but I think just with the economic situation like it is just seems like a lot of people were kind of pulling back on spending money is what it feels it feels that way yeah it feels that way with all these layoffs my question is okay who's doing the work the I think the AI scammers I don't know what AI SDR people no I mean I don't will stick but I think a lot of people might be you know think that thing that it will right so  I didn't do it. Yeah, exactly.

46:02 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  and maybe two years on the line like oh, this doesn't work, right? Yeah I think for now Everyone wants to use AI No one wants AI used on them, right?  Yeah, so I Like it I use it But I use it Like I don't even use it for content and I write a lot But the point is this whole thing of we use AI I think is so dumb because it's it's kind of We use electricity at this point.  Yeah for sure.

46:32 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  Yeah, you need to You're saying, you know, it's just a thing to say so And that's the thing I'm trying to get better at using it and smarter and using it in certain ways to help me out but I've also found You know, like I would like to find a way to build some simple no-code products that I could sell with subscriptions trying to diversify revenue streams by  You know, I need to find, honestly, somebody who can tutor me on how to do that because it requires just sort of some, I think, computer science understanding concepts and it's just don't get it.  I've tried to learn it on my own. I just don't get it.

47:16 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Are you familiar with, I bought a course from a guy and I didn't even finish the course, but it I mean, it was good enough, you know, there's this guy and he has a course on AI coding.  It's probably not the only one, but I just trusted this guy, right? Yep. That's it. And I put it on the chat.  Okay. And where is so funny? mean, oh yeah, it's in courses. Yeah, if you go to the courses thing, you'll see it.  And it uses cursor that I didn't know before. I've heard of it. And it's, I mean, I don't code.  things work and connect and I'm that kind of maybe you are the same I can't write code but I know like our database but database works and so on so uh yeah I took his it's not really of course it's just just like a challenge to do things with people and maybe it'll be interesting to you I don't know yeah thank you I'll dig it I'll take a look at it no but I also think that if you're interested in productizing there's a book where is it called productize which is oh it's there just a second so this one is more it's more for larger companies I feel you know larger consulting companies well I've read yeah I've got some stuff that

49:00 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  I've read about that and it's like I get it Exceptually so like if you look at my website, I have kind of bundled That was my Intent plus just trying to be a little more transparent about pricing because I'm not interested in the people who are looking for $50 an hour You're not my customer.

49:22 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  There's a lot of those out there But yeah, yeah No, what the reason why I mentioned the book sorry is it's not so much about the word or anything, but when she starts talking about like different Operating models like when you shift from services to products and in that transition.  So if you read it, you know to me it was really useful because Everything will need to go to market right so services need to go to market but you know after as well and For me, I'm like, oh, okay, that's another kind of goes market on  have to learn. But anyway, sorry, I went on a bit with the engine.

50:04 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  Well, and another thing that I've been reading this week is basically, it's not about selling the software so much anymore.  It's about selling the services and execution on top of the software that you actually, that's where, know, if you focus on that, that's a better kind of a newer evolving way.  Because think about all these people in these companies, they're stretched then, I think we both would admit that a lot of the people that we've seen in these companies, they're not driven, earn how to go do stuff, but some don't really, they're very unengaged with their job.  And they don't really make a whole lot of effort to try and learn these things. the company suffers because they need somebody that actually knows how to do this stuff.  And I think, you know, if you can come to the table with, you know, are these your pain points?  This is what you're dealing with. Fine. Here you hire me. I'm, you know, on an annual basis, cheaper than hiring an FTE and more effective because I can hit the ground running and so on and so forth.  And I can help turn things around with you and get your team kind up to the level they need to be at.  know, that seems to be appealing. But it's just, I don't know, you got to find them when they're at that right moment.  And I don't know of any tool that would help me do that.

51:49 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, to me right now my current thesis is that I just need to stay top of mind, which is a lot of work.  Maybe there are better ways.

52:00 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  Yeah yeah um yeah I'll find it there was a guy who uh he said he said it a lot better I just did uh on he just I don't know why he joined he um connected with me on LinkedIn I think you saw me in one of our Slack groups for HubSpot but um anyway that's that's just kind of another shift that I see happening um so going back to the whole comment of like who's doing the work with all these layoffs I think that's where the answer is gonna come from so um anyway I know we ran long um I was good I do have to go I've got to be somewhere in about an hour but yeah great to talk to you thank you for the time and thank you yeah send me a follow-up and we'll figure out what next steps are perfect I will do that thank you so much for your time

53:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And we're sharing so openly. mean, sometimes people, they are, you know. They don't want to. They wouldn't tell me about, I've made a course.  don't know why I didn't put it out. But then you can't connect because it's all just safe. That's sad.  So this is really useful information for me. Even if we stop now, this would have been very useful for me.  Thank you for that. And I'll send you like a follow up.

53:26 - Geoff Tucker (dataopsgroup.com)
  OK, that sounds good. Thank you so much.

53:28 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Have a nice one. It is. Bye-bye.