---
title: Fortifai Design Sync
date: '2025-01-27T15:00:00.000000Z'
duration: 25m
participants:
- João
- Abbey Lin
source: https://fathom.video/calls/219380390
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:26:05.662994+00:00'
---

Fortifai Design Sync - January 27
VIEW RECORDING - 26 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/MVpjJrwoZ-yz6ftyV2-irGRzLQrb1LXg

---

0:08 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I think it's nice that you change your background because you're not on all this yeah it's change of seasons yeah I once I once met somebody that this was at the beginning of COVID so people were not used these virtual things and his person was on a call and she saw the background but she had seen another person in the same background you know some other call and she was like oh my god you have the same house as my friend how do we say this that means it's good that it's full people so yeah it in the same room as this next person yeah very good excellent so

1:00 - A L
  Are we everyone? I believe so, I believe so.

1:04 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'll share the screen so we are looking at the same thing. Okay. I'd to welcome all of our AI note pickers.  Okay, so quickly, Romeo, is there anything new that you'd like us to begin with or just do the review stuff we had been...  Do you us to do something new or... You can do it.

1:39 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Okay.

1:40 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay. So top to bottom, up to design design for policy deployment overview screen. This was the case of we had a new design and an older design at the same time.  you might remember this. I think it was Ivan that suggested this task, but there's so many things. Opening is on Figma.  Yeah, so, is it here in the latest? Where is the device? It's here.

2:22 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Is it up here or down there? It's always in latest list. Okay, fantastic.

2:28 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, it's here. So, we had this design for policy overview. It was missing the deploy overview, and it is here.  So, we now have the overview for the deploy in the same style, looks the same way, and we have coherence on this.  If all is good, we can just set this task.

2:57 - Ivan Ćelić
  So, we already have a table there, so this is how most of the looks currently. So once we update the table design and all tables in our app, it will look like this.  So yeah, I think the header is the only part missing but I would leave that for next week or something like that, not describe priority deploy overview first to get out to the initial features.  Perfect.

3:20 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So I'll just set this as done.

3:23 - Ivan Ćelić
  Got it.

3:24 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Nice. Feels great. So final quiz for end of training. We've checked out this thing. Where's the button? Do all the comments here?  No, I don't want to put. Yeah, I'll just get the prototype. Do you see my screen? Okay, congratulations.

3:52 - Ivan Ćelić
  You did it. After the finish.

3:55 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  No, wait, I opened the screen on the wrong. Yeah. Let's try again.

4:06 - A L
  Can I go back?

4:08 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  No. You can go to design without prototype. I've seen it already so.

4:13 - Ivan Ćelić
  So yeah? So you...

4:15 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah. This was just waiting for you. mean, and you're on only this.

4:20 - Ivan Ćelić
  No problem of course. So if you've seen it we can just assume it's...

4:24 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It looks good to me. I don't have any questions there.

4:27 - Ivan Ćelić
  It's... I think for now it's all we need. And yeah. Got it. Got it.

4:34 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I think I lost my share screen. Yeah. Got it. Here. I said it as done. Include description field, field policy trainings.  Maybe you've seen this. It was just missing the description here. It's added. Okay.

4:58 - Romeu Rodrigues
  But

5:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  it's here. Okay. Part of the title and the description. Got it. Is it okay? Yeah.

5:13 - Ivan Ćelić
  Okay.

5:14 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So it's done. Boom. Done. Uh, share this tab instead. Create basic query frame view of group management. Okay. Okay.  So apparently there's a comment here. Everything's checked. We'll find at the moment I have a few questions. Department management.  For now we can select, see, we can see or create some default generic values like HR and similar. But this also needs to be considered in the long run since departments and roles are probably different.  No point in having a department right now.

5:51 - Ivan Ćelić
  Since we cannot, I mean, we can. So the question is how we do, do we get someone's department in the app?  We can manually set it for the initial call. Hence, it's just a question of how do we get it.  that's the question for now. For the initial on its symbol, it's through the seed. So we will get a list of the users, probably their department.  And then we can fill it in. But the question is, how do we fill it in later? Probably on the invitation screen, user will select from the dropdown list department.  And then we'll set it like that. OK, so just to make sure I capture it correctly, we will proceed with these departments?

6:31 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yes or no? You can leave them in the designs, fine. We'll see how we approach it, but yeah, that's fine.

6:36 - Ivan Ćelić
  It's just another info field, currently. So is there anything missing on this design or not?

6:43 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  No, no, no. I mean, this is born as comments.

6:45 - Ivan Ćelić
  I read it, we should just go through it and see. But he marked it as low priority between which I agree.  nothing to change there. OK, so got it.

6:59 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I understand no changes on.

7:00 - Ivan Ćelić
  design it seems to me correct me if i'm wrong number one and two both so that's fine number three same thing yes same thing number three and then number four yeah so number four is currently a bit how do we show disabled users or inactive users in the ui we probably need a filter or something like that for now we won't be implementing any filters because i don't think it's necessary for the initial test but for the part after we'll need to somehow filter the enabled disabled user so that they can reactivate them again or deactivate them again yeah we need to somehow control the stages of the user that's fine yeah i've already mentioned that it's easy to prototype these with a group right just give them a group tag like inactive and yes that's probably something okay so done perfect uh created by the frank for user management

8:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It's not the same desk. I know it looks like the same test You share this that instead Because we are all we are already implementing user management.

8:11 - Ivan Ćelić
  I guess this would be Yeah, so this was it yeah, yeah, this is far as I'm concerned. We are already working on it I have a question there for example, how does this?  Group stuff. Can you open comments tab? I have a comment somewhere up there Yeah, did this one five hours ago the last one Yeah, that's the one where you click on it or something Okay Will this make sense when there are 10 or more policies in the group and the button is not visible because it's on the bottom Yes, that's my question about this button How will this look when there are 10 policies on a laptop screen?  I mean it's fine if it's if it's okay for users be at the bottom, but it won't be immediately visible.  That's the issue. I agree. I think you make a very good point. So I think about putting it somewhere a little bit to the top, just a suggestion.  I thought in the app, it's already on top.

9:18 - A L
  It is. It is. We didn't.

9:19 - Ivan Ćelić
  So I'm now asking what's the latest, or actually, Azar is now working on this probably tomorrow, I guess. But so I'm just trying to confirm.

9:27 - A L
  And I thought it was already updated correctly on the app itself, like this might be he might be. The issue was the issue was here.

9:33 - Ivan Ćelić
  There is no deployment overview button. That's what we discussed last week. Oh, this, this, yeah, this. Oh, like the explanation of the deployment one.

9:45 - A L
  So this comment here, above mine, you can open it.

9:50 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So this is. Do remember to do this here?

9:55 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Mm-hmm.

9:56 - Ivan Ćelić
  I was thinking. Thank you. Thank you. you.

9:59 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Thank you. You're going to go up now.

10:01 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  You're going up now. Not just the button here, not just this button, but also this question here. It's the deployment of review.  There two things.

10:12 - Ivan Ćelić
  There are two things. Okay, I'll send it. Go ahead, Ivan.

10:18 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  No, no, sorry, sorry.

10:20 - Ivan Ćelić
  I'll send the screenshot. No, because on the cards we have a screenshot of this, I believe.

10:27 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'll send this, and then if it's okay with you, just confirm it.

10:31 - Ivan Ćelić
  It's in the design channel. The image is in the design channel. If it's okay, let confirm it. You can have the design.  If not, let me know how we need to change it. This is the live. This is a screenshot from live application.  Okay, just so we close that loop.

10:45 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  The question is, should we pull the button upwards? I believe so. To me, it makes sense. Can we move on that?  Agree on that? Yeah, think so.

10:55 - A L
  It's already there in the live episode.

11:11 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So, but there is one thing that you would like to show, Romeo, that is in progress and has a goal.

11:18 - Romeu Rodrigues
  For now, no, João, I'm continuing here with the tasks. Now I can release those who are in progress. And the others who are already there, let me start with you.

11:28 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, so in terms of finished design work, this is it, but we have more things happening in progress. They should be done this afternoon.

11:37 - Ivan Ćelić
  Okay, I think I have a couple more comments. Can we go to them also? Of course. On the Figma?  Yeah, can you open the same comment tab and just go one comment below? That one? So, yeah.

11:57 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Perfect. So this is related to the... Okay, I understand. So this is related to the idea of can we have group chips inside of it and I understand, yes, you said we can, but we did not visualize how it would look like with it, correct?  Yes, okay.

12:36 - Ivan Ćelić
  Yeah, just with one, two, and what happens when it's really a large number of groups, how it's, and also please think about the long group names because currently users have limit applied and all.  So we'll have probably 150 characters or something limited to group names. also keep in mind the, the size, how it looks like, do we do we concatenate the string, do we cut it short, put three dots and that type of stuff.  Don't spend too much time on it, it's not something important but we'd like to have it as part of the design.

13:21 - A L
  Got it?

13:24 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Can we add here drop down to select roles for these users? Yes, inviting a new user.

13:30 - Ivan Ćelić
  Inviting a new user? How do we set a role for a new user? Well, the answer is through this here model, I guess.  Without users we'll be able to choose their own roles because then everyone will choose admin. Also, we need to drop down to choose...  We can make it simple for now and just add a drop down because we have two roles, admin and employee.  So for now it's simple, can just add a drop down that all of these emails that you are inviting are...  That's all. So yeah, for now. Is that mean, no, not mean? Just as stakeholders or?

14:08 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  No, I mean employee.

14:09 - Ivan Ćelić
  That's the terms right now at this point. Please repeat, please repeat. I mean employee, employee. But we might change to the future.  It's the text is not that important. Of course.

14:25 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Do you have more comments here? That's all. I think that's all. OK, thank you. Perfect. Back to Cheetah. Other things you want to bring up, Ivan or Abby?  No, not right now. So for now, we have the priorities remain this. everything that's related to the view one of policies, procedures, and trainings is the highest priority.  And then we have some tasks for. the environmental dimension of ESG related to employee feed forms and carbon reporting, some of the compliance map and everything else is made to low priority.  It will obviously be done, but just focusing on these things first. These communications Q1234, I would comment the priority.

15:25 - Ivan Ćelić
  Come again, come again. To do this, you have this Q1234. Communications need to be grouped into Q1234. I think it's pretty straightforward, and I understand what will happen, but I would like to have it visualized, so I would top it in priority if everyone agrees, just because it's something that we need for release.

15:47 - A L
  Do we need to spend time on drawing it if we already have the policy part?

15:53 - Ivan Ćelić
  Especially if it's just copy-paste, if it's copied then even better, but I would like to have it drawn out, because if it's the same as...  policies just different names then it will be simple to to draw it out I guess right so I would really like to have it so that it's visual for everyone so that everyone sees it before we do it I if it's the same then it shouldn't be a big job for anyone I guess yeah Romeo like would it take you very long to do this task given that it's it's similar to policies procedures I guess right any yeah I would I suppose not Romeo a question here is how long would it to change the names of this here company documents for K1, K2, K3, K4 I'm going to try to do this now do want to do it Okay so Romeo will try to do this as we speak on the other thing yeah just something he can create let's let's maybe create a suggestion either a new page like we have policies just create a new page called communication you can copy paste and then change the change the policy name to  communication and group name to Q134 and that's it and as we can have it separate it's clear. I know it's the same and we previously didn't have it but I think it's good to have it even though they are the same.  It's just visual and everyone understands it, it's clear and developers will understand everyone. And it should take too much time and hopefully if it does then let me know when we don't have to do it.

17:43 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So I brought it up on priority, it's not the highest priority but it's higher. So in terms of things happening right now, we have enough design work to keep working for today and have stuff to show you tomorrow.  I think for design stuff, this seems to be it. Yeah, I guess that's enough for me to work on you today and then tomorrow and then we have some.

18:09 - A L
  Yes.

18:11 - Ivan Ćelić
  And some of the other ones.

18:13 - A L
  Okay. I think we're okay on that. Xiao, how?

18:19 - Ivan Ćelić
  Just before we continue on this tool list, I see tasks related to policy trainings and communication. In my opinion, they're all higher priority than the other control stuff.  And reporting and all that stuff. So in my view, maybe I'm wrong. You guys have meeting class week, but it should all be bumped higher in the priority.  So that we have policy training communication done as soon as possible so that we can put the designs. I know we won't be able to do everything.  I think this week. Yeah, there's like, there's a controls.

18:46 - A L
  I think he's talking about in the progress. There's a controls cloud number three in progress to the right. Yeah.  I probably shouldn't be in there. I'd rather prioritize that other one. to do. Okay, okay, okay. Is that what you mean?

19:03 - Ivan Ćelić
  Is that what you mean?

19:04 - A L
  I also saw one scroll down a bit.

19:09 - Ivan Ćelić
  Yeah, so this one, six, five, six, create a screen that appears before a new user opens a form policy training control, etc.  guess that one is also applies to covlogic communications training. But wait, wait, wait, don't do it. Maybe I'm wrong.  That's why I I'm missing something. I think that one is named wrong. That one's for control, isn't it?

19:31 - A L
  It says for policy training control.

19:35 - Ivan Ćelić
  It's for everything really.

19:38 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Every time we are about to drop like a big thing on someone, we have this interstitial screen to help them understand what they're getting into.  What they're looking into. yeah, I guess that doesn't make sense for policy too.

19:51 - A L
  So it's like, I think, Yvonne, this is like, you know, when you go from policy or also control kind of explains a little bit.  I agree. need to have it and we'll just show it again.

20:04 - Ivan Ćelić
  So then maybe that should be prioritized then over some of the carbon reporting stuff.

20:09 - A L
  Yeah, yeah, yeah. So maybe it's higher.

20:11 - Ivan Ćelić
  That's not rewarding, Gabi. So I think that's important for users maybe to have this sooner they have this the better because then they can read about what they are doing.  Yeah.

20:24 - A L
  And so then maybe we should take, I guess it's not necessarily in progress, but like in the in progress, there's a control one around carbon in the in progress.  Jao, so just maybe Romeo knows not to do focus on that one. Yeah, that one, like either we do prioritize that one and all the other ones.  You know, so all the extra high ones go up. The ones that are to do that haven't been done, go ahead of that one, I guess.  That makes sense. Yes, yes.

20:51 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  But yeah, so we order priority top to bottom. Everything that's at the top is higher priority in progress. It's not about the priorities, just about the status.  It will stay here until we get it finalized. Are there any more down here that are related to policy then?

21:08 - A L
  Or are we pretty much all that out done now? We can check again.

21:12 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I've checked it, but no problem in checking again. OK, maybe this one could be included on the policy. Yeah.  So let's bring it up.

21:25 - Ivan Ćelić
  I need to add more detail. More detail, but yeah, I agree with you. I think maybe also what we need to probably somehow try to slowly include into our work is these onboarding stuff that we are lacking.  I guess that you included those feathers. Now we cannot include those pop-ups from time to time, maybe if we have these then we can prioritize this after we are done with features.  can have someone add this pop-up because they are not too hard to add these pop-ups. And we can save some state and then it won't show to users all the time.  think about yeah when you say pop-ups here talking about this yeah that one yeah yeah talking about that one yeah yeah okay got it also a good something maybe good for future I'll be just an idea I have right now what something to linger video short video or something that we can link to or embed a youtube video or stuff like that I think might be also useful to have so we also have those in pop-ups and stuff like that but that that would be useful once we have a steady UI that we can show because if you record it right now that you have to change it probably yeah yes yes yes no I'm happy for that we can also even like just do a loom yeah and then and do that that works okay yeah so then I think that's at least enough into our meeting tomorrow and then we'll do that I guess the one question is show this week it's more for you I know we have a session with Anya tomorrow to about third party and then we have a session on S on Friday on

23:00 - A L
  And then we have one on Thursday because next week you're pretty much like you're you're moving like kind of back to Brazil So you're not really available next week, right?  Is that?

23:10 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, I have time like on Monday I have time on Tuesday and then what went Wednesday would be really pushing it if it's like early We can probably do something but other than that I'm just wondering if that makes sense to have something also on Friday Then since we could only meet one week next week and then Yeah, I can do something on Friday, but Friday the might be later I can do something like I'm pretty free from like 12 to 3 p.m.

23:41 - A L
  Like is there any time period? Yeah, that's that's the block.

23:45 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I cannot actually can you do before then or I can do after that But then maybe it's too late for you a little bit late on the Friday or like Yeah, what about 9 to 10 in the morning tomorrow  Oh, do you have some time tomorrow?

24:02 - A L
  Tomorrow is like, I might be able to do, could probably do like before Anya, like half an hour. But that pretty much backed up all day tomorrow.  Yeah. And then I could do nine to 10, but that's eight to nine near time on Wednesday. Yeah, that's it.  I could do maybe 10 30 to 11 30. I could do 10 30 to 12 on Friday.

24:35 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, but Friday morning is going to be difficult for me. Then maybe we could at least let's try to get next Tuesday.

24:44 - A L
  I just want to because I realized that's kind of I'm becoming a blocker in terms of a lot of the content is in my head.  And I think it's helpful when you like kind of bring it out because then we can get it to the design and then design, you know, do it and then develop it and do it.  So that's why I just want to try to get as much time with you so you can help unblock  some of the content stuff that's missing. Got it. So next Tuesday, 4th, my morning is pretty okay.

25:09 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay.

25:10 - A L
  So maybe we just put a block there then, and to get that, and just use that for next week until you're back in Brazil.  Okay.

25:18 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I just dropped a block on that one.

25:23 - A L
  Yeah.

25:24 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So we have roughly six hours of mapping schedules. So I think we'll probably cover quite a bit. Okay. Yeah.  Okay.

25:35 - A L
  That's good. All right, then let's do that. Okay. Then I think we're good. Very cool.

25:42 - Ivan Ćelić
  Thank you. Thank you.

25:44 - A L
  Bye-bye.