---
title: Fortifai Project Follow Up
date: '2025-03-11T14:00:00.000000Z'
duration: 30m
participants:
- João
- Mau Medeiros
source: https://fathom.video/calls/249535390
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:13:39.038762+00:00'
---

Fortifai Project Follow Up - March 11
VIEW RECORDING - 57 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/oVNdhGcL4wHfK7taN7BMkgW-E7wZDswX

---

0:00 - Mau Medeiros (imip.me.com)
  and we have been planning some directions on how to go further. We've been working for the last four months now, so it's been quite fast and it's been an eternity, because we've done so much.  I think my role here is to provoke the whole theme in terms of how we plan to go to market.  So we have a established date which would be in June. don't know if something has changed. Yeah, it's kind of gone a little early.

0:45 - A L
  But we need to have the product done, I would say. Get to at least like maybe risk assessment on it.  But maybe I can give you some background on what's happening in the last few months. to talk to too, Mal.  Also with the regulatory pressure, I think Shalice might be aware of it too, going like that. But we like, I'll be transparent with you guys, because I don't know each other.  We have about one year of runway, like runway or runway with like paying your salary, paying other people's salary, whatever, maybe having a CT on a salesperson joint.  We have one year on that with no revenue whatsoever, right? So that's worst case scenario. We have that, but that's not a big team, because that's like, you know, allocated or ready for UX, allocated already for the team.  then like maybe a salesperson, adds maybe a salesperson as CTO, that's it, right? and that's not even, that's maybe joining in July time frame.  have a year from now, right? So we, in essence, is we need to start selling now. It's kind of like, maybe pitching up like trying to come, one is converting our existing pilots are on it.  Two is converting like some kind of customer, whether it's a consulting based contract in terms of like using like our tools not ready, but we  sell some consultancy in between then and then the third I'm just like selling like I just closed the big contract with telling or a big customer that not totally in line with what we're doing but it's enough to give us like a couple extra months possibly if it goes well right so so that's where we are very tight like it's like every dollar kind of counts now and that's also why like I felt like at this point like with the UX UI design maybe it didn't make sense to to bring in that second one because like we really need to go but I'm happy to discuss with you so we either need to like get well either way we need to try to get customers in we need to close the 10 that we have like maybe at least eight of them and then we need to bring in a pipeline of new customers because at the end with our one-year runway that means by q4 we need to go for a funding round right positive news is we already have existing investors who probably don't want to lose their investment so they're probably going to throw in some money if like if we need probably not a lot but it might just get us like a little bit farther  Or if we have enough customer base or pipeline or everything coming in, then they'll invest more, right? So it's like if we only have a few then they'll invest a little that might get us by or not at all.  If we have a pipeline of customers that we can show that there's growth and everything, then they'll invest more.  That'll give us a lot more growth, right, to be able to make the next round. Or we need to get enough customers in that we're able to be self-sufficient and at least like, you know, bootstrapped and cover our own costs, right?  So we have like a year, but like, you know, we are March and then it's like, know, there's not a lot of time in that time period to do that.  And then add to that really, I would say crappy news is that the EU kind of deregulated system inability compliance, which is what we were kind of banking on in terms of our customer profile, right?  And that just happened within the last couple of weeks. So now we're like, okay, now how do we do this?  I think like there's positives and negatives. depending on who you talk to. positive is that without CSRD and ESRS, which is this regulation that we haven't built for, which is good because we haven't built for it.  We've built ESG implementation. We haven't built the mapping of CSRD. We're good because a lot of companies have built that and spent a lot of money on that CSRD thing.  We haven't. We've of built it off of the sustainability clients. So we have a little bit more ability to be nimble there.  And then also, I was saying, I don't know if this is like happy thinking is that I think there's still companies that want to be responsible, but they want to do it in like the cheapest possible way and like easiest way to do it.  So that still exists. And it might exist even more because so many people are not occupied on the CSRD regulation that they need to figure out how to implement.  And they don't want to implement something very simple, which would be us, right? But definitely like, you know, if you think about our business plan, we have like the stick, which is like, you know, the regulations coming, you're gonna, you know, you have to do this because it is required by the regulations.  And we also have the carrot which is kind of like for big companies if you want to do customer tenders If you want to you know more customers if you want to get it employees happy if you want to get investors happy That's the carrot, you know that that you have there and now we're kind of stuck with the carrot because the stick has kind of disappeared And is that carrot enough our town like our town has shrunk like you know No, no decimal market has gone from this to now like this there's also an opportunity because the ones there Maybe the whichever one the right ones are like there is still money to be made there I do believe that people want to work for like and that could be just me But it just also looking at our pilot customers.  We don't see our pilot customers being like oh now Yes, RS is not needed. We don't want to work with you.  We haven't seen that we did they still want to do something, right? You wonder one maybe strice will jump out because of that but like So so there's a lot of like uncertainty in the air and this just came in one or two weeks ago So that also affects our go-to-market, but our go-to-market is like I would say it's moved up since  then so we have like so I'm hiring for a sales person there's already an advertisement out for it we're going through our network I'm discussing with the CTO also because we need to have a CTO in place because I'm not sure Mustafa is going to join because of his cancer and then and then we have to we have interns right now from like the top finance school in Norway that are doing cold calling and setting up meetings that only started one or two months ago so they've been able to set up some meetings and we're doing some marketing around that and I'm trying to close but that's kind of like so we're really trying to push for sales now and outbound sales now but I would say that I haven't because I'm pulled in so many different directions this is why I want to do like we still need to also get the bulk of our tool ready like like we can't like really it'll be easier to sell our tool if we have like controls ready we have the dashboard ready we have third-party management because that's the bulk of the tool that people are like really happy with to be able to be like okay and that's also what we need to be able to convert the pilots like we need to have like at least that aspect where they  useful for their day-to-day to convert. So that's kind of, yeah, so that's a long-winded way to say where we are in the process.  Yeah, that's good to know.

7:11 - Mau Medeiros (imip.me.com)
  Because our mentality is to follow all the changes that happened quite fast. So how can we adapt what we are offering to you in terms of strategies and also UX and UI.  So what can be done in a very short time or what needs to be done in a very short time for you to start selling.  So I think I see three tracks. one is to convert the pilot test clients.

7:47 - A L
  that's one thing.

7:48 - Mau Medeiros (imip.me.com)
  So we are doing cold calls, you know, trying to get someone for sales. also we have on the background, you know,  backstage we have some feedback from the pilot customers and also what we are developing and also creating. So I think I think for that and then maybe we can try to design this for understand how very we are, what needs to be done and what's the minimal product that we put on the market.  So we have already things developed and but you know as I said you know controls and dashboard and everything so how can we measure the effort and time to put that things up in terms for you which you have a full platform for sale.  So that's the description right now.

8:49 - A L
  Yeah and I think and yesterday and like in terms of controls like needs to be done. third party needs to be done.  I think the dashboard and I believe the integrity hub should be done because if you think about sales the integrity hub is the sales part where you kind of shows like this is what you can like you know brag about what you've done and this is what you can do and then risk assessment is like a whole nother part you probably could be in it and risk assessment is actually because CSRD is now out of the picture risk assessment is not as important because in CSRD risk assessment was actually the only mandatory part of CSRD you have to do a risk assessment now that whole CSRD regulation that out risk assessment is not the most I would say important but it is if you want to be like you want to have a light version and you want to say that you do sustainably in compliance you should have a risk assessment portion but I do think if you're able to get that core aspect out and working in a nice design that is what we go to market with that is also what we can go with our we're also there's another track that we're selling through consultancies so we're meeting with consults sustainability consultancies that have like you know like I just had a conversation with one this morning like would they be a managed service  because now the good the good thing or bad thing about sustainability consulting is now the market is screwed like companies are starting to lay off their sustainability consultants because they don't they know that the CSRD is not working so now sustainability consultants need to find a new market in terms of making consistent money across which is where us as a managed service like we are the technology that you use with the client and then you the client logs our system and see what you're doing and you can just get recurring revenue so that when we when selling there but all of this takes time and a lot easier when I have a product and I can show them and I'm gonna kind of demo them and they understand what it means so so for me it's like how do we get the product ready like I would love like you know to work with you and just like there's so many other parts and just like like let's get all of the other thing on the list like down onto paper and like so that that Romeo or somebody else can start drawing and like right now we just kind of been like okay Romeo is free at this time he can do this one Ivan and his team are free at this time so we've kind of drawn as we have the available  You know Jasmine also traveling whereas rather like okay Let's just sit like let's look at all of this down You know from my head on to paper because that will also help me work on other things rather than like okay this week We got it do this and then that like you know and then if Romeo is not free then we hire someone else to do it but But at the same time I don't know part of me is like even can only go as fast unless we increase the resources on his side It's like we can kind of survive on this like Romeo.  How do you want like one big apart? But it also like I would say Mentally, it's a little bit like then I have to follow it every week apart rather than being like I dumped You know my my head in here and then we can kind of go faster We could also do better refining right because now right now We're on like one part develop one part develop one But if I did anything on that design it then we can kind of like do a little bit around before we go to develop But right now it's very quickly like put in the head develop So and then then we clean it up, but I think it's working like much like I think it's working fine  for where we are right now like just like you know the resources that even has the resources that you guys have available but I do think like you know sometimes I wonder like you know could we have gone gone faster then it's also a runway like we could go faster but then we were we're cutting in the the runway and I don't know if we could then need to hire you know another person onto evan's team and then like do that and that brings the runway down so it's kind of like like yeah startup life yeah that's my whole thing about you know the project we can't keep maybe hiring people but we need a plan before hiring people so I think we've done what you asked for because my goal here is like okay how can we take responsibility for the development and as soon as we have everything got out of your from your head and then we take

13:00 - Mau Medeiros (imip.me.com)
  possibility with the development, know, you give all the information you need and then we do that for you, because to have the sales, have the marketing, you have everything else to do.  So I think if you take control of this, I think it's going to be easier for you and we also can just manage change for the daily tests, which are very tactical, if not, you know, strategic.

13:22 - A L
  So that's that's the hope for us. I think it's fine, I'm happy to like I think that's what I said in terms of like to drive the process.  I do think I need to be involved just because I've worked in-house with the customer, but that's what I would like, know, Virgil, I don't know your availability, but like to be more like a product manager, you know, in this and help us kind of drive a strategy and all of this forward.  But I think I need to see like, we have to look at the whole thing, because I think this is what have been my like, you know, my vision a couple of months ago, like when I was talking with you, now we're like, oh, do we need UX, UI designer?  But then now given that this like so much uncertainty has come in, we also need to pivot our strategy a little bit like I feel like we have to do more automation and AI also if we want to get BC funding like we need to go AI I'm trying to think about what other product do most companies want is it even an AI fraud detection thing like that goes on the back end like we might need to pivot a little bit in this time period unless we're able to prove that through our sales or whatever that this this new law isn't impacting people still want right and it's a little bit difficult to tell but like if you think about orders of things like we need our current pilots to convert like that's number one right because if our current pilots don't convert and it's a sign that like we've been building the wrong product and I do think that what they will convert but then we need to build the rest of the product as soon as possible right so that they could start seeing a little bit of a time like we are delayed like you know we're at like March 11th now and and it's like it it it like yeah like if we had maybe if we had more drying  like ready then we can we can be like okay Yvonne hire Alex for one month and just like drive this in right because like we kind of been like Romeo's at this time Yvonne's this time and they actually seem to work out that we just like kind of slowly but could we front end load some of this and take that chance you know and get it out and start doing it but we just have to kind of balance what does that mean on like investing in more development resources what does that mean investing in more UXGY resources give them certainty are we going to get there by this time and what what is the benefit or is it you know yeah we just start selling consulting hours right now in between and then just like slowly automate our consulting thing like I feel like after we have at least third party in the dashboards like I think we can do a managed service around that because then they can use that and then use the dashboards and that but without that it's hard to do a managed service even without those two like third party management and the dashboards and controls like it's hard to do a managed service around that about it selling a console this is

16:00 - Mau Medeiros (imip.me.com)
  good strategy, but in order to get to this, you need to have time to do it. that's how, and that's why I think that we need to take all this, and of course, exchanging information and assessing the rule quite a lot, but I think it's time to help you on that.  So we have a kind of deadlines and quick deadlines, especially for the testing period, but you know, now is the time.  So what we've done, also I've been talking to João, and in terms of, you know, what he can, you know, offer to the project.  So he has a very broad vision with his mind as well. So this is what we've been discussing. And in order to try to organize all the things we need, or the whole thing.  to check what has been done, what needs to be done, and what's not done yet, and then from that we can have a plan.  for us it's like, if you have this, we can measure how much effort, if you are going to hire some people, one, two, or three, or replace Romeo, we've been talking about.  So I think now, I think it's time for you to take each one, and maybe showing what we've done, and what we've discussed to check with our thoughts.  Okay, okay.

17:41 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  We are about to start the scheduled design thing. Should we cancel the design thing and have that time for ourselves in this conversation?

17:50 - A L
  I guess, is there anything that has Romeo designed anything for us to look at in this? No, we checked with him.

17:57 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  He has been designing stuff, nothing that could

18:02 - A L
  Yeah, we can do that then. So would you mind sending a message on Slack so it comes through? Yeah.  Design. You can cancel the minion thing. send the thing right now. can't tag Romeo to this, but maybe you can let him know.  Romeo, there he is. All right, let's go. Let's get back. Yes, okay, share my screen.

19:07 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, everybody see, everyone see my screen?

19:11 - A L
  Yeah.

19:11 - Mau Medeiros (imip.me.com)
  Cool.

19:12 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So, basically, we brought everything that has been developed, coded, that is live into this. And before we spent like a lot more hours dragging everything from Figma into it, we wanted to show you.  There's a few things that, a few discussion points. So, basically, there's some areas that are, I will not drill down into each of them, just giving you like a sense, a lay of the land through this.  So, there's two groups of things. There are things that are not related to any specific ESG team, right? Like the compliance map is not related to specific ESG team.  And that would mean both for the admin, for the employee, for the third party, and we need to put stuff underneath this.  And then there's the ESG areas, which are mostly related to policies, communications, trainings and controls, which are the parts that have been developed.  obviously the show, right? And I will not drill down, but just show you what this means is that we took screenshots and connected how each thing connects to each other, right?  Okay. And then there's other questions. went back into the mirror for several of the mirrors, both from eggs and our work.  And there's a few loops that maybe we can close now. So I'll just overview them and then we can decide on which one we get into.  So in terms of risk management, this was very nice to check because the mental model that eggs as this...  design for how risk management works is the same that we have right now and we can go deeper into this in a second.  In terms of reporting, from our understanding, reporting is not something we have done yet. We just collected what was found out in that process and in terms of the roadmap, the thing that we built together at the end of 2024, we brought it here to check if the timeline still kind of makes sense.  Given what you told us about changes in regulation and possible pivots and stuff like that, it seems to me that perhaps the roadmap is an interesting place to begin.  How do you feel about this?

21:53 - A L
  Yeah, and then we can revisit that now.

22:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  We are basically here, right? What we had planned for was having the ISO, I think, 14,001, that's the E, right?  ISO, codified into different forms and policies and controls. At this, we had planned to be working on reporting and auditing.  And then to start doing, to start to do like the social perspectives of the ESG, right? And I think we've done other things, namely the screenshots below.  And the timeline was basically this. wanted to have the content finalized, filling up the compliance map, test with a couple of pilots.  did test them, right? On a more surface level. Cognite. I'm a bit lost on Cognite. in some emails, but I don't think I've done it.  They delayed it.

23:03 - A L
  have a meeting on Friday. OK.

23:06 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So this is not late yet. OK. So in terms of the S content would be kind of developed soon.  And then we would onboard strides. But I understand that this is a bit of a unknown at this point.  And later convert the pilots to paid. In terms of the G, it seems that we are, yes, correct on target on this, because most of the G content is finalized.

23:40 - A L
  Well, I content is not even just the content area. The content is all the areas. So we don't have all of the areas.  third party is not created for in the dashboard. So I think content meant it's everything in the G area.  OK. But third party is a G thing?

23:58 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah. Third party has G.

24:00 - A L
  s and e thing. Yeah. So when it says content, I think that's a wrong wording because I think it's like it shouldn't have been content area.  It's more like what is going to be in everything, like the content of the whole g area will be like developed and finalized.  I think we're actually ahead on on on s because remember when we went through the like the old thing that Yana had done and I was like okay let's do it and then I realized actually there's not that much so it's like okay good like actually there's content is almost done with that we just need to finish the third party process of that but yeah that changes a little bit on it.  Got it.

24:38 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Got it. So in that respect it seems that the reporting and the audit is probably where we just share some good news on this social.

24:50 - A L
  Yeah.

24:50 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I so I don't think we're fully done but there's a lot of controls and policies so this is probably like the is that like the yellow is the

25:00 - A L
  Elements so that's yellow is even right and the pink is you guys right that's kind of how it's set So we are a little bit the line design like a little bit late Maybe on on like the development part of it, but maybe that's on the design part of it.

25:13 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah I think yeah, yeah, but that is that is honestly to be expected That's like a law of estimation in software even when you account for the impossibility of estimating software It always takes longer.  So it's it's just a way we need to work around that so I'm saying this not to put even in a tough space the opposite okay, so based on this so this was The plan roadmap And we have now a couple of open loops in terms of the discussion here so for instance From the start of this conversation we have touched on Like more operational aspects like what  can you do as a company with a one-year of runway? Which seems to be, I mean, from your side, I'm sure it's not comfortable, but I think it's better than average.  I think most companies don't have a one-way runway. So I'm sure it doesn't feel like that from that side.

26:17 - A L
  In our way, it takes like three months to hire a person, so like that's six months in it, right?  So to get somebody up-born on selling and to get them to start selling, you're talking about six months, right?  that's a little bit of my nervousness of like, what can we start selling now even without a sales resource?  anyway, continue. yeah, don't think we're in the worst ones, it'll go by quickly, right? We're already in March and we thought we had a lot of time and now our runway is until February, so it's like...  Yeah, yeah, yeah.

26:51 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So I agree. It will go by quickly, but it's just trying to put some perspective into it. Also, because all of these things are connected,  Right? when we spoke about go-to-market, we spoke about the one year of runway and then there's like different possible directions for go-to-market.  One of them is mostly focused on converting the pilots, right?

27:16 - A L
  There's another approach.

27:18 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'm not saying they are opposites, right? They're just different, which is the cold calling aspect. There's now a new avenue which is exploring how to make this work with managed services.  And I think there's one that could perhaps be faster, which is really focusing on the small companies, right? At the same time, so I'm going to counter myself, at the same time, if the current legal environment, regulatory environment is not very friendly towards this stuff.  Probably. There are compliance officers running around trying to prove their worth before they get the hammer, right? So this generates a pain point right now, which I think from a selling perspective is good for us.  Maybe we can try to address these professionals and have them as champions of the tool.

28:28 - A L
  This is also why I want to get the tool out ready, because that's Alinda from Hydro Rain, that's Mari from Rocker Horizons.  We have those one or two sustainability compliance officers in the market that need a tool, so for people to get that to convert, it's a good thing.  My only hesitation on that is what I've seen in the market. In general, and this is why I don't want to be a sustainability compliance officer in the market, is that oftentimes when companies already invest in the sustainability or compliance officer,  they're like, sweet, we've done our job, we put a person in there and they don't give them any additional budget to or any kind of any, I would say, not even any additional budget but any, so talking with awkward solutions is a huge company.  And I used to work at KPMG with the person who's kind of our contact there. And like, they have four people for 14,000 people, right?  Like, so it's like, and so they don't even have the mandate to request companies to like fill in a a conflict of interest form because they're so weak in the organization, don't, they can't like force companies to do these things.  So my, that's my only hesitation is like, why I see a foes or companies who haven't started anything, it's like, they haven't even invested in that one sustainability officer yet that we can kind of capture that market and then just like do it right from the beginning.  But I think it is, and that's why like half of our pilots have like, you know, sustainability or compliance officers or whatever that we can test it and see.  And then as you know, like, they are a little bit more demanding, right? But I agree. Like, I feel like  how that CSRD has said it's going to be companies one thousand or more, it might actually make more sense to go for these people, but so yeah, so I'm not against that.  just for based on my industry knowledge is that these people like, you know, even awkward horizons like Mari has so many opinions, but I don't know if she'll have the budget to buy our tool, like, and that's my worry.  So, but we have to have something to show them so that they feel like, okay, I've tested it out or whatever.  I can go in and justify in the organization that I want this, you know. Yeah.

30:38 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I do think that we might have a little bit more latitude, because we already have quite a bit of stuff, right?  Yeah. And also, people like B2B sales take time. take at least time, like, three months at least. Like, after we get to them, it takes three months to close something on a good day.  Yeah. Oh, starting to build these relationships with them, even if when the tool is not fully ready, it seems to be like a cautious thing to do.  even if you don't have the tool completely done, we could use that as an angle to reach other compliance officer like, hey, we are building this thing, we would love to have your input on this.  Yeah. And we can go way past like the third file.

31:25 - A L
  I think it's a good idea because now we have actually something that you can be like, hey, do you want to join for free or something like this?  I'm not going get that. I think that it's just, I guess it's one more thing that we need to add on the list that we can try targeting or get the interns to start calling or reaching out to some of them.  And we have to find the right compliance officer. It's the compliance officer at smaller companies. You go to bigger companies, they're going to have a bigger budget, but they already have so many processes.  You kind of have to get the compliance officer in the small company that doesn't have a lot of processes existing.  right? Like HydroRain just like just kind of spent off of a large company. So they're they're new and Linda's trying to figure out what to do and what is the process that she doesn't have.  She does have some tools. But anyway, but like I fear you we considering these like and do that. But um, yeah, so it's fine.  It's on the list of like, like, yeah, we are going to target this.

32:22 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  because I mean, the point is not adding something to the list because it's clear there's a lot of things going on.  My point is let's let's let's try to picture this. Okay, you have a mandate to close these eight pilots, right?  Yeah. And a lot of a lot of things are are hinging on that. At the same time, if close others that are maybe quicker to close, that's not a that's not a problem.  And that might even save you from the need of

33:00 - A L
  closing these guys so it's quite likely that there are some segment that is really you know ready to get something and if we could get to them and this relates to my secret we could get them maybe we don't get like eight big outlets but we get maybe 20 smaller ones and that's that's also very I absolutely agree with you and that's why I think that's all where so yeah we're trying to figure that out right so I have like the interns calling hundreds of companies and trying to like pull up interest and we're starting to see a trend at least like but it's only been like six meetings right and it's mainly these digital companies that are high growth that haven't started like the ones that have started they've already done ISO they already have a person in there they might be an HSE manager they're not as interested but for the ones who have like the ones who are that it really like kind of resonates like that like two of the meetings last week I have another meeting because it like follow-up but like one of them was  company, they got it immediately, but they're like, well, now that the regulation is not in, it's not up of our priority, but maybe we want to do it this year.  The other one was like, oh, this is already, we're about to do something. Yes, I want to see if this can actually work, right?  So that made sense. But they're also very digital fast moving companies versus these larger ones. But I guess not to be direct, what is the sales strategy or thing or what is the goal of this?  I get it. We are working on a lot of different ones and we're trying and I'm trying to hire a salesperson who has to be SaaS sales that can go in and develop our strategy in terms of go to market.  I'm working with different consultants to try to figure out, but what is the goal here, I guess, in this meeting?  Got it. Okay.

34:46 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So the goal for this meeting was to get a feeling of, thank you for the question. It's a good north star.  So the goal for the meeting was to show you how the different parts are interacting and I think you have a mental model of this, but this is also for if you're okay with it for this internal distribution so everybody sees a things connect and The direction that I think the decision we would like to explore from this and maybe we won't we won't get to it in this conversation is like what is Precisely the the go-to-market kind of approach we are taking Like I'm trying to figure that out.

35:31 - A L
  I'll you tell me what it is I'm really happy to answer the questions, right? But I would that's all we're trying to figure out What the go-to-market we're like kind of throwing different things having additional Conversations and it's not like you know like as as we've locked down these eight to ten pilot customers It's not like I haven't had meetings, you know in the fall like you know I've been like constantly talking to whether it's compliance officers CFOs partnerships and all of these things to try to See if I could get them going but I realized like we need to have a more  system which is why we're like hiring someone and we're using these interns in the meantime to do some kind of cultivation to get it out.  But again I think it's like I haven't put anything on the website yet of our product because it's not finished yet.  We can have some really interesting if we wanted to get customer testimonials like you think about go-to-market right then we need to get these pilots to convert right.  If I want to call like a video see what we're doing then we need to have like the whole chain from like this is the dashboard to compliance hub to employee portal to integrity hub right and but that's not completed yet so I can't make the video to go to market on that.  So there's like and the and then same thing like it for consultancies like you know I can't like I like to show them a few clips of what they do so they get the essence of kind of what we're doing to try to do a managed service with them but I can't show them the whole thing because we don't have it done so there's sorry I need I need to I got it just being mindful of time you can especially if you're experimenting with  manage services you don't need to have a full tool complete you can I get it now and I agree and I have already been doing that so I'm not like I it's like I I have like five parallel conversations with consulting firms right now to do that right so and I do and I am showing it but it's kind of piecemeal right because it's like okay like the first conversation I've had six months ago being like we're building this it's be really great yeah so let's keep talking another three months yeah now we're almost there we're gonna build it okay the first look our first first few parts is built look at the content area okay you know let's so I am bringing them along but I do think that and this is why I'm saying like can we go to a managed service consultancy where we actually do the work and make the money internally without even outsourcing it while we're building this or we do some kind of like consulting project like we don't have reporting or audit built out we can still do that manually you know like the other consultants they can still do it manually so there still is work to being done  I think it's like I am trying like we have these interns calling on for sure for sure yeah it's like yeah so I guess I so yeah again going back to the point of this meeting it's like like how is it how what do you guys need I guess to feel comfortable with this process or like or what we're doing okay um let's let's reverse the question what would be the best way for us to help you in this next stage of the go-to market what do you like the ideal scenario I don't think it's not even the go-to like a market I think it's um like I just like think immediately it's like we need to get a product out and I'm saying like a full product I'm saying like the baseline where I feel like I can convert the existing customers because once we convert the existing customers we have paying customers and that's a big first part of the go-to market right because like you said it's going to take some time to get  it would be ideal if we could find a new niche and get 20 customers in, but even in absence of that, like you said, BV sales maybe takes three months, right?  So like, we have a three month thing, like in a high note, like of that, you know, so say three or six months to get that new niche that would make up for this niche right here.  But right now we have this eight to 10 right now that is already committed and they're, most of them are quite friendly.  If we build something for them, I think they want to try to help us out and just like pay.  I could also negotiate to the point where we're like, Hey, if you don't want to pay this one, please pay like X amount, just say that we get revenue in.  Then, and then we use customer testimonials on them, then we start using them and co-marketing agreements being like, look, Cognite is using us and this and we can use that before our go to market sales.  So it unlocks a lot by getting, you know, these customers out there to help our go to market strategy.  So like having all of this in place would be helpful, you know, and then, but then might have answered something different within one or two weeks ago, because before this regulation, because now this regulation comes in, is are we supposed to be selling this in the market?  Is this like how we want to position ourselves in the market? I've changed the website, don't know if you guys have noticed, I took away everything around ESG compliance and kind of focused it on responsible ethical business and implementation to try to like now, because we noticed this in the calls, like when the interns started calling, like being like, hey, it's part of the regulation and even the smaller companies like, no, we're not part of the regulation anymore, you know, so changed our messaging being like, okay, it's not about regulatory compliance, it's about being a responsible business.  We've just changed our website. So we're still trying to figure out our go-to-market given this new uncertainty that came in.  But what we know is that we have eight to 10 customers here that are kind of captive and already using the tool and are close to converting that we need to get converted so that we can build out our go-to-market and our strategy and understand how to work with them.  So it's like, how do we convert them?

41:03 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So the question is, how do we convert them?

41:05 - A L
  The convert them is build out the rest of our product that's missing, right? Like not all of it. I'm just saying like the parts where they're gonna need to actually do some stuff and test it within their organization and see that it works, right?  Because we don't have that. We don't have like a round, a full, and I know everyone's like, no, we don't need a full tool.  We don't need a full tool. And I was like, yes, I get it, but I've also been selling no tool for six months or for a year.  And now it's like we have to have something more tangible that they can test, they can try and convert.  And then, yes, we can keep updating the tool as needed, but like we need to like, yeah. So that is like getting these eight to 10 to convert in the next three months is like kind of the key and building a product that we can go to market with even more, which is kind of the same thing as getting them to convert to is important while we bring in the pipeline, hopefully I can bring in more companies to join the pilots and that, but it's getting harder.  Like... Sustainability is not the hottest topic now anymore, so that's also why we need to think about how to pivot or what to do around that.  Got it.

42:10 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah.

42:11 - Mau Medeiros (imip.me.com)
  Thank you. I think what you're hearing now is, I would say that the easiest way or more tangible way of converting would be those nine and ten customers.  So, instead of converting and all the internal processes about acquiring a tool or platform to modify in the case, it's going to take at least two or three months.  And then that's, you know, for the possible clients to convert, it would take us quite a lot time for them to decide if they are buying or not.  So it gives us three months at least or two months at least to develop something or the whole platform or something like that.  So that's a deadlock. Even though they are not complete, maybe it's an understanding argument to say, okay, we have this done.  We are going to have this part done in two months, three months or something like that. This is the calendar of lunch and improving all the platforms.  this is also a way to give them a horizon about what's going to happen in a couple of months.

43:34 - A L
  And we have, and I've done it, it's just like what I've learned, and I think Yvonne had to kind of learn this the hard way because he, and then he gets it.  Is that a lot of sustainability and compliance officers are not tech people. So when you say like, yeah, I'm going to do controls and then risk management and you tell them this, and they're like, oh, okay, yeah, okay, yeah, this thing looks good.  But until they're actually clicking around and looking at and understanding this. you actually mean by risk management, step one, step two, this stuff, how is it, then they can give you actual feedback of whether or not it works, or it's a good thing, or they can visualize it in their, in their thing, right.  And that was like, like, we have to build for Talinor in order for them to understand what we actually meant, you know, and this is the thing, it's like, we need to build for these eight to 10 pilots, so that they understand what it means, and they could tangibly be say, like, yes, I want this, this makes sense, because I could see it, like, I can be like, oh, there's an employee portal, and then you just plug it in, and you do this, and I've been saying that this whole time, right.  But until it's actually built, and they see the employee portal, and they click on it, and they see how it works, then they're like, okay, it makes sense, right.  And I think that's the balance, because I have been saying for six months, a lot of what we're saying, what, like, because of Shao's brilliance, we're able to put it into paper, and we're actually able to develop it, right.  But like, without, without doing that, and continuing to do that, and just saying like, hey, would you like to do this, and not develop, it doesn't work with this audience, like, they need to, they need to see it on keyboard and test it out.  like unfortunately they're not like forward moving on technology that because they want to be able to picture how is it going to land within the organization what do employees need to click and actually like see it so but like and so far the feedback has actually been really positive on the tool like I don't know how many you sat in or maybe you missed a lot because you were on a holiday but like we actually haven't had pushback the only pushback was again this morning is about I think people don't like that they see all these sudden all these policies in ESG because they don't want to do all the policies they want to be able to have a place where they can go in and pick the ones that they want and then those deploy that that's been the only like feedback that we've gotten otherwise like it's super easy to use I really like it like I think you know like so but we haven't but we haven't deployed content which is going to be more like they have to do a little bit more than there's a link to that and then third party is another one that they need to feel comfortable with and after I think that and the dashboard where like an integrity help kind of links it and puts it internal like  I think it will be okay, but this is like, I need to get them out as soon as possible so they can test it, feel comfortable and say, yes, I want to invest, which is not a lot of money that they need to invest.  And they've already kind of confirmed in our pilot agreement that it would cost them this much money. it's more like just being like, hey, do you like us enough that even though reporting and auditing is undone, it's like close enough that you can build this with us, but just confirm that you're paying, you know, and then like, and let's move to another contract.  And I'm hoping that I think I can convert some of them because we have good relationships with them. But there will be some like, maybe a ochre horizon or ochre carbon capture that are being a little bit more, some of them did join just to be nice.  Like they are like, I would like arc and ochre carbon capture with Anya, like, I don't know, she just got, they just got bought out by Somerge, like, I don't know if they're going to be able to convert because, you know, Somerge might be like, you have to do something.  So, but yeah, but it's good to get her feedback because she is one of those like compliance officers just to  Ability officers shout that you're saying that we would want to approach.

47:03 - Mau Medeiros (imip.me.com)
  So it's good to get her feedback because she has that like kind of thinking on it You know Scenario let's say a deal scenario Just an exercise here In three months is we have a whole platform design would be nice Or Yeah, like I think like if by the end of in one month like we're not gonna finish by this month Well, let's just say one month.

47:37 - A L
  We have third-party management controls integrity hub done You know, ideally, I don't know if we'll get to risk management, but we get those done Then then that is pretty good to go to market like at the end like if you think about like like VC funding if we like in a VC funding if we want to go for VC funding Like there and  As case scenarios, we have a pipeline of customers that are willing to pay. That'll be super easy. They'll be like, yeah, of course, we're going to invest in you, right?  That's the first one, right? Second one is like, OK, we don't have the big pipeline of customers, but our existing customers are loving this pilot, and they're saying really good things about it.  And then that might be a little bit OK, and we need to tailor. And the absence of any of that is like, then we have a cool tool that's pretty much done that just needs to go to market with the VC funding that you have.  But the VCs are able to play around with the tool and be like, OK, I get this. Like, I get this immediately why we're going to do that, right?  So there's kind of different levels of like, if all of this pipeline in like three or four months isn't coming in like we're hoping, then we have that really awesome tool to try to come in.  I don't know. I'm just like, I feel like in the startup, I'm constantly scenario planning for every possible. if this comes in, this is good.  this one comes in, it's good. But it's like, we don't know until things play out there.

49:00 - Mau Medeiros (imip.me.com)
  Right, I think for us is a direction. So we understand the scenario and How are we at the moment so quite uncertain?  you have quite a lot of customer profiles to reach with different needs and different desires, so which is a very very Challenge to tackle because you know it can offer different ways of you know to talk to them And you have already done that so for us.  I think now we have heard that so we can mix and errors for you Understand that what can be done one one now that we have you know The paralysis and then what can be done in two months or three months and then when we Invision that the last one is going to be done.  So as you know, that's also

50:00 - A L
  Yeah, and like to be honest, the next phase we're already talking about is how do we integrate AI into our platform, right?  But the first part is like you think about policy management. Right now we have templates. It's not we're not too far away from an API into one that we train that you can like, you know, just pull up the template that you want in there.  So that's like the next step. And we wouldn't need that no matter what in order to we won't raise VC funding without some kind of AI in our product, right?  So like there is still like a lot of we're going to continually redesign our product. And I'm hoping if we do get revenue, let's say like right now this is worst case scenario, we have no revenue for one year.  This is where we are, right? But ideally, we need to have some kind of revenue where there is consulting or whatever that will allow us to, you know, invest even more resources into what we're doing right now, right?  And if we think like, okay, get this, we need to invest more resources right now, we can like look into the budget, especially now that I just sold talent more, then we have like a little bit more like, you know, you talked to me two weeks ago where we haven't sold talent or we haven't even signed the contract talent or but it seems quite  like I think they'll give us enough that we'll be able to extend the runway and that might be able to afford a UX UI designer full-time or somebody else more but these are all the things I'm trying to juggle with right now and yeah so like our scenario planning also changes like I suddenly get revenue or like suddenly okay our consultant managed service thing is actually kicking off and we can do that then we can like we change but in like kind of the base like bare bones scarcity model where we are right now with no revenue it's like okay let's in the next month let's like you know get this product out as good as it can be to be able to convert the people doesn't need to be perfect but enough like that they they work on it and want to convert with it yeah but the ones I think I totally understand that things change all the time but we need to have something which is like an ideal deadline so even though it changes but you know

52:00 - Mau Medeiros (imip.me.com)
  So the ideal deadline would have been the end of Q1, which is the end of March, which I know we're not going to make, right?

52:06 - A L
  So I guess I'll give you, say, one month. Then I don't think the hold up is you guys, to be honest.  I really own. I think the hold up is Yvonne and the capacity of the development team.

52:18 - Mau Medeiros (imip.me.com)
  So that's the challenge.

52:19 - A L
  It's very hard for me to nail down Yvonne, how long is this going to take? that's why I'm always pushing because only one month or two weeks, we've gone G done.  But like, I was hoping to launch a lot more like in beginning, like end of January, right? And it ended up being like February 15th that we launched like a part of it.  But it's like, there's only so much I can do. The development team is trying to develop as much as they can.  But maybe if we had more, if we had more of it, as I said yesterday, if we had more of it designed already, like I talked with you and we already have in Romeo, has more capacity to work and design it.  And it's waiting for money, feel more pressure to go faster, because there's more stuff going. And then they might be able to optimize different things by understanding what is coming.  right because we're really working like three days ahead of it so we're not seeing the bigger picture of what we're trying to build right so that's yeah that's that's the way of doing that because it has to be designed but not developed so we have you know the whole vision of the platform so part of this is a prototype something like that but it's easy to show everything yeah exactly like we already know the feedback from the from the employees like from I mean from the pilots we really have the feedback in terms of that they don't like it and everything like this they would rather have it on one page like what's stopping us right now from like me and Shao like sitting down and trying to figure out what that looks like so then it sits to Romeo and the Romeo if he has time I don't know this is also something that we could talk about like how many hours are being used that like he can develop it so then we can have that you know ready for Yvonne when he wants to go but sorry I'll live another I have a hard stop it

54:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I mean it's so um just just putting that out you don't want to interrupt.

54:05 - A L
  I actually need to leave for another meeting because I have an off-site meeting at four but um but yeah I think it's yeah I guess like I think it's good for you guys to see kind of the overall like I we where we are make how much runway and like we are trying other sales tactics so like I'm like so I'm like part of the design but we are like trying to get like figure out what is our go-to-market motion because if you think about it also for VC funding you have to have a good story to tell around what kind of sales process and why you're targeting and doing all that so we are doing it but I'm hoping like you know if we have a CTO on board we have a sales person on board that will also and then our next hire would also be an operations person to help with this in between I have to do everything so wherever Zhao and Romeo can also move in on like trying to help build up the rest of our products so we can see because I know Zhao you have some kind of concerns like are we looking at every you know big thing and like  put it together, but we're so focused on like, you know, three days before we miss the bigger picture, but that's how we're set up.  now, like, but I'm, I'm, I'm like, I can only do so much on sales in Norway, too. So I do have some time in my schedule.  It's not ideal with the time difference. We're like, me to sit down with you, down so we can see the product holistically and what we need to build and do a timeline that I have time for that.  But if you have time for that show, that would be really great to be able to do that. And then we can only develop as much as we can.  But I would like that would say like, if you guys can help me, it's like, I'm going to have more time was out to like, map out my brain and then like for him to somehow either translated to, to me or to another UX UI designer, so that we have a bigger picture of what we're building and kind of what is left on the to do list rather than every kind of like, what are you doing this week?  What am I doing this week? What am I doing this week?

55:55 - Mau Medeiros (imip.me.com)
  know, that's the whole objective of this meeting. For me, on my side, I think it's good that we have this catch up.  from this, I'm to talk and then give you a plan for what we can be done, what can we help you, when this is going to happen.  Yeah. I think that's the whole objective of this. So it's good. It's good to have this. Good to have a sync.  haven't talked in the L mouse. I think it's good too. Yeah.

56:29 - A L
  So we're going to talk internally and then we come back to you very soon.

56:33 - Mau Medeiros (imip.me.com)
  Okay.

56:34 - A L
  Yeah. Thank you.

56:36 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  That's good to make that happen.

56:38 - A L
  Yeah.

56:39 - Mau Medeiros (imip.me.com)
  Excellent. Yeah, sounds good.

56:41 - A L
  Okay. Thanks a lot. All right. Talk to you later. Bye. Bye.