---
title: Tim and João talk workshops
date: '2025-03-25T11:00:00.000000Z'
duration: 65m
participants:
- João
- Tim Ellis - TheDigitalTransformationPeople
source: https://fathom.video/calls/259849976
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:09:32.553099+00:00'
---

Tim and João talk workshops - March 25
VIEW RECORDING - 66 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/etvfA_aNqw_Tfwwv-Uwqr4CrAE68iFQ-

---

0:00 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  can't suddenly start talking to you and you can't find the, you can't find the screen. You know, it just happened to me, but here you are now.  It happens to me all the time.

0:13 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Sorry, just getting the desk in order. So thank you so much for being a game for this. Basically, I'm trying to create a useful book and conversations like this.  think I really helpful to, you know, make sure I'm not just, you know, going off and talking about things that are not so relevant.  And I've prepared a little bit of a script. It's not really script. It's more like a list of things I'll give you touch on.  Sure. And what I'm most excited about in these conversations is that I think you have insights. into not just like, I think you have a lot of insight in connecting workshops opportunities, right?  So that's your thing, right? And I think that will be very helpful to understand the mind of the decision makers when they buy a workshop, when the company says we need a workshop to work on this stuff.  So that's kind of my agenda for today. Excellent.

1:30 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  So you're looking for, this is a discussion with the insights. So you'll be picking quotes or if you want to use anything, then that's what you're planning to do.  We're not going to transcribe it. Maybe a picture of me in some magazine. No, no, no, this is not a podcast.  no.

1:44 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Do you want me to take away the AI not taker?

1:48 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  No, no, no, leave it. I've got it as well. No, it's fine. I find it really useful. It saves so much time.  You hear so you see so much more or if you go go and listen to a meeting again, you  It's so rich. So no, I think I think it's excellent to do that. So I always do that now for everyone I talk to, I record the meeting and it's very insightful.  Yeah, yeah.

2:12 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Just to put you at ease. This is just like internal for my internal research. And it's not really to quote you or we can have a conversation like that on a different meeting, but this one is just for me for research research.

2:28 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  Excellent, then. Okay. And we've also got then our previous conversations so you can refer to some of those as well.  Okay, excellent. Good. I've made some good notes on those.

2:38 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Have you?

2:39 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  Yeah. All right.

2:40 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I've described many of them to many, mean a few, not all of them, but I think we spoke like three times, maybe.  I think three times.

2:48 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  Yeah, the last time we spoke was in January. you say, this year it's flying by. So, yeah. Yeah.

2:56 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So let me give you a little bit of a bird's eye view of. What I had in mind and then we can dive in so basically I want to understand how this is a decision-makers at companies that hire purchase by workshops I'll they think about workshops right and I've separated this into four major themes Basically, I'll do they identify the need for a workshop like hmm.  I Think that needs a workshop or I need something that looks like a workshop. That's the first thing Second one is looking for options.  Like how do they look for workshops? What kind of words do they put into the search bar? kind of people do they ask for referrals?  Yeah The third one is selecting from options And these are I think it's a little bit more tactical like what kind of things do they pay attention to what things Count as strong points, which don't yeah The fourth one is getting approval because usually my assumption is they don't make decisions alone.  So it's I'm assuming there's have a process of making this thing that they found in the outside world, bringing it into the company and selling it to the rest of the buying committee, so to say.  Yes. And finally, the final one is assessing the quality of work received. Like, are they happy? How can they know if they're happy?  What kind of things do they leave a sour taste in their mouth? That kind of thing.

4:25 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  Yes. Okay. Okay. So I need to tell you that I don't have a lot of insight as far as those things are concerned, because I'm trying to build a model.  I'm constructing a model. And the thing I really need to test is insights that you're asking if I can discuss with you.  That's what I need to find out. Oh, I can share the research with you when I do it with other people.

4:51 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  you want that?

4:52 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  Yeah, we can sort of. But that's the, in terms of the model that I'm proposing, the unknown, the area where I still have assumptions is the buying process of people buying workshops.  What I have been doing is talking to some people to try and see what their experience has been. where I've got to is I'm refining the model that I want to take to market.  You've probably seen them I put the website live just to kind of give us a bit of positioning so the way people it kind of makes sense.  But what I've kind of done that and I'm now really looking for insight in terms of how now to engage with people who potentially will buy workshops what's you know how do they because we've had this discussion before in the beginning if you remember that we were talking about well my insight was that people were selling workshop so that was their first point of engagement and yet they weren't marketing workshops so how do people who needed workshops so that's how I've been kind of set off on this journey  And now I found a lot of people who are doing workshops. And I know that they on the whole struggle to sell workshops.  There are lots of people getting trained in delivering workshops. So the professional facilitators who have been trained by people like AJ and SMART that you've seen their content.  And those people then struggle to sell those workshops. So I've spoken to some experienced people who are experienced at winning business, winning workshop, facilitation work.  And the insight that I have is that people don't buy workshops. They don't buy workshops and they don't buy facilitation.  What they buy is a means of solving a problem that they're experiencing the business. And so the first point of contact is really to engage them in discussion around the problem that they're experiencing.

7:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yes. I remember this conversation. I think we even discussed how A.J. and SMART was shifting, or at least adding that layer of being kind of an agency or connecting people to opportunities and having this top 1% of their students be vetted and kind of thing.  Yeah.

7:21 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  what I've discovered is that people who are, a lot of people who are producing workshops like Design Sprint, A.J.  and SMART have just come up with Foundations Sprint. Yes. Yeah. So you've seen that. So the Foundations Sprint comes before Design Sprint.  It's a sort of, okay, the beginnings of what we're going to do, and Design Sprint is, okay, so let's validate and how are we going to do it.  And so I think that A.J. and SMART are principally monetizing by selling training courses to people who want to be facilitators.

7:56 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Workshop delivery people.

7:58 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  I think that they've all A lot of those people that they're training are now internal in corporates, so big corporates are creating their own internal facilitators and workshops because they're adopting workshopping as a way of moving things forward.  I mean, you know, the benefits of workshops obviously. So I think it's something which is being adopted, corporate ways of working.  So the way that Google have worked and Amazon do things, it's being adopted by organizations that need to be more agile.  But that makes sense. And the larger organizations are building their own capability in order to do that. It's funny actually, because I remember bouncing off this idea with a friend of mine who used to be very senior at Procter & Gamble.  And I said, well, I've got this, you know, I'm thinking about what we'll be selling workshops into corporates. It is never going to work because we use our own people to do workshops.  And I think the big corporates do do that. But I think that the area where they don't... do that is in the SME, smaller size of the market.  it starts up to SMEs up to a thousand people potentially that have the potential need for workshops but they don't have the capability to do them themselves.  And I also think what will happen is that as the bigger corporate to build capability and start to demonstrate value, that that knowledge and insight value will begin to cascade down through the SMEs that will adopt those ways of working.  And I think the need for workshops will increase because the rate of change is accelerated, particularly because of AI.  And so, and I think workshops, well, the principal thing about a good workshop is it'll take something, it could take months to get done through lots of sporadic meetings that don't have an agenda and end up without any real outcomes.  It'll take something like that and it'll consolidate it into something that can be done. in days or weeks. So there's a definite value there as an outcome.

10:08 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yes. I was thinking like one of these connects and I've been I've been through this process like when I when I started working in consulting and doing workshops, my friends got hired by the companies that they were doing project that because there was companies like oh this innovation thing I like that and then they start hiring these guys and so I believe that's probably a common pattern.  would almost bet that the same thing happened with total quality control and all of those trends that we have throughout the years.  But this thing is said like we use our own people to run workshops. It made me think from a marketing perspective about the as an angle for agencies and firms, right?  So this is an objection. Hey, we have a workshop for you. workshops, I have my own people to the workshops, right?  And I was thinking how to counter these objections. And maybe there's something there in terms of Solomon's paradox, you know, can't read the jar from the label from inside the jar, like the advantage of being the outsider, right?  can see agencies and consulting companies say, hey, let's cross-pollinate this incestuous intellectual and you've created with some new ideas from the outside.  Okay. Well, yes or no.

11:36 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  So if you're going, if you have been purist about it, then it's the job of the facilitator or the workshopper to be agnostic, and therefore they're not bringing expertise into the room.  What they're bringing is process. And so if you divide the two things, the expertise and facilitation, if you're a large corporate, the expertise you will either be recruited in  where you have it, you're recruited in, or you'll buy it in from people like McKinsey. That's the easy way, and that's how they work.  If they want facilitation, well, the other areas, it's in terms of, if it's transfer of knowledge, then they'll bring in training, or they'll have their own training departments, and if they want facilitation, they'll train their people to be facilitators.  That's the large corporate scenario. In the SME scenario, then they don't have those capabilities and can buy those people in, and it might be, and they're not going to buy McKinsey, so they'll move down the value chain in terms of they'll bring in smaller consultancies, or independent consultants.  Independent consultants are increasingly seen as, if you could get somebody that used to work at KPMG or something, and they were used to charge, I don't know, 10,000 pounds a day, now you can get them for  £2,000 a day because they've gone independent. That's seen as good value for money. So I think there's more access to get into the smaller organisations with one the expertise and also then the workshops.  But I think that the workshops are not going to be purchased as a workshop. I think the conversation has to be about what problem do you solve.  So we are struggling with this. we're a start-up. So we are struggling with things like product market fit. We're struggling with, well, product market fit for a start-up and therefore you may get an innovation consultant like Nick Himmavitz, for example, who would take you through the business model canvas.  That's a workshop solution and the outcome is that they're trying to validate their business model. If you are a scale-up, then you start to think about issues around alignment.  So we've but lots of people from different departments who begin different ideas about what we should and shouldn't be doing.  If your bias is towards, if your job within the organisation is marketing, then you're thinking about things like segmentation.  So which segments should we be going after? How should we focus? Which products should we develop? Which markets to expand into?  So that they're discernible challenges that may be orientated around the functions of the people that are having them and a workshop could potentially solve that for them.  But there's an element of the bringing the expertise in, get a consultancy or work with your people to decide what you're going to do.  think that the process of running a workshop does more than, I think it does stuff in terms of organisational buy-in.  So the people who are, they're coming up. with the solution together in a collaborative way and so when that solution is when it's decided what we're going to do next the people are brought into it because they've had a say in in that decision to do that so now they're going to be more inclined to actually do it which I think is often a problem with if you get consultancies in the complaint is always if you get McKinsey in and they'll come in and nobody does it cover your  as a service yes cover your  yeah well there's an element of that so so it ends up on the shelf and then three years later they get in Boston consulting group and they recommend the same things and it goes on the shop it's partly because I also think that the people whose job it is to make sure that these things happen that their career cycles move on they change jobs nice so this is kind of insight that it was very easy to agree on everything so far because I was like yeah I can say it but

16:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  This is really novel, makes a lot of sense, so hiring the big guns, the people that make those decisions, they move too fast for the impact to be noticed.

16:11 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  Yeah, there's a book here. I think you've mentioned this book to me and I didn't read it yet, yes.  No, don't get it. I've sort of been, well, I started reading intensively and then, you know, with a lot of these books, once you get the point, you move on to another book.  Yeah, for sure. I'm finished here, but there are certain insights in there about behaviour. I'll tell you one of my, I probably made a mistake at the beginning.  I used to imagine that people within organisations had the knowledge. So you have schools producing the knowledge and then you have people in business whose job it is to execute on this stuff.  And I used to imagine if they knew this stuff from the business school. or from experienced practitioners, if they only knew about it, then that's what they would do and they'd all be successful.  And I realized that that doesn't actually happen. And they're not seeking out that knowledge, they're doing things in different ways, their motivators are different.  You know, so it's naive to think that they're going to go and read a business book and it's going to give them knowledge.  And even within corporate, so that the reason I showed you the knowing doing gap is that they found that very often executives, large corporates will make a decision to do something and then not do it.  it's partly almost the process of going through the decision, it makes them feel that they've done it. So they don't then go and execute on what it is that they've agreed that they're going to do.  And in terms of cycles of career, you can be involved in that decision making and then off you go and it's left on the shelf.  And the other thing is that people who do in large corporate, very often they're very good at talking about doing stuff and they get promoted on the basis of doing stuff but by the time it comes around to actually having to do the stuff they've moved on or they've been promoted into a different role so actually then they don't actually do what they agree that they're going to do and it's not because anybody's been particularly bad it's just the nature of the way people move around and how so anyway these I'm just saying that in terms of actually if people have the knowledge they'll do the right things it's naive on my part.  I think some organizations are probably quite advanced in how they execute on state of the art thinking. I think people like Procter & Gamble are looking at it from the outside as an observer.  I think they execute on some of the things there's some deep thinking that goes in and goes into what they do and they execute on it but they have world-class people like Roger Martin and the strategy working with their  executives to make decisions and do things, but they're world-class organisations with world-class people and the outcomes are perhaps better than others.

19:22 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, okay. I'm trying to find the thread because there's a thread here. it's broadly naive for workshop people to try to sell workshops.  They don't know how to sell workshops and there's probably some self-selection effect at work. They're serious people, they're creative, they're intrigued by the tool, they chase the tool, but they don't know how to sell the use of the tool.  And is this broadly a good synthesis of a first? Yeah, although I wouldn't label them as being naive.

19:57 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  Don't say Tim Ellis says that workshop... No, I have no, no, but I understand.

20:05 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It's okay. I would you phrase it? would you inexperienced, inexperienced.

20:12 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  Okay, much better. I've taken some notes from a conversation I had from a guy called Adam Eger, E-G-G-E-R. He's based in Berlin.  He's a workshop for the Tata workshop. He said to me, he doesn't sell workshops. He says nobody buys workshops.  So on the outside, if we're trying to sell workshops, we think how do we have them sell a workshop?  But remember that the person in the organization is not thinking that the workshop is the solution to their problem.  So they need to believe that you are the solution to their problem if they talk to you. then you will go along and say, right, okay, so I can solve this problem.  We're going to go through a process because I need to work with you on this problem. together so that we together come up with a solution so that so that it's a it's a methodology isn't it as opposed to a thing that people necessarily need I think there needs to be a I think there's some market making to be done in that people if you want to sell workshops then the market needs to be educated that a workshop is potentially a way to do things mm-hmm and I don't think that the market is necessarily there yet although things like agile ways of working people know about that so one of the insights that I have is that organizations that are more mature from an agile perspective are more open to buying workshops because they're used to like organizations like bad science bad omens when you interact with an organization

22:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  such like these guys will not want the workshop?

22:03 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  No, but then that's not because it doesn't exist. The reason why I don't know is because my contact with customers on this topic has not been enough for me to understand what the real two dynamics of it are.  So I've been trying to talk to people who are doing workshops, who do workshops to see what their experiences are.  Hence, Adamie got a conversation with him. And he's somebody who talks openly about the challenges of selling workshops. So they're experienced people who've paid their own smart $3,000 to get trained up as a facilitator, only to discover that they can't get any work in or that they are offering workshops for free just to get their foot in.  Whereas other people are earning a lot of money for doing workshops because, you know, either they are well, it's mostly defensive, they're selling the two, but inexperienced people struggle to sell their services.  Yeah, yeah.

23:01 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay. So this this connects absolutely. So do not sell the workshop. I fully agree with that. And I think much of them.  So there's there's two layers to this, right? The first layer, I'm going to book to signal it to tag this conversation.  The first layer is like my own layer. When you've mentioned the market making, I felt like I needed to start talking not about how workshops are made but more about our workshops contribute, right?

23:29 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  Yeah.

23:30 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And to be honest, this might be a little bit Sisyphean because I'm a one guy and maybe I'm not a I'm just trying to make part of the great partnerships and, you know, yeah, no groups of people.  But the market making made a lot of sense that I think that's a great phrase that instantly connected myself.  The other side of the conversation is, yes, yes, I really get it. People do not want to buy workshops, people want to buy solutions to problems they have.  My point is, one of the things that you said that really liked was it depends on what kind of organization, what kind of problems they have, how they, what kind of signals they have.  This is my segue. What kind of signals they have that, oh, this is a workshop kind of thing, or I need somebody.  They might not think about, need a workshop. I need someone to help me figure this thing. They don't know that's a workshop, but from the outside we know, oh, that's a workshop.  So I think my question is to synthesizers. What kind of things make them notice that they need this sort of participative intervention?

24:45 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  Good question. don't know is the answer. think they will know that they have a problem. So in any organization, there'll be a awareness of the problem.  The problem may itself manifest in different ways so they might not know the root cause but they'll know that there's something that's not working and then they'll know that they're under pressure either from themselves or from elsewhere and above to sort this problem out and it'll that problem will manifest itself it might it's going to be depending upon the role within the organisation so the function discipline that they're in or the level that they're at that problem if it's on their shoulder will manifest in different ways so the reason why I'm saying is because their marketing will have a other final question so in terms of decision makers ideal customer profiles the financial director will have a different perspective to the marketing director for sure yeah so they will have their their issues and I suspect what happens is that they then bearing in mind they're all being bombarded all the time with sales messages from people who solve problems for them and they will also have networks of people that are  marketing their discipline, every discipline. There's a raft of people trying to sell them things. And I think that the roots of market for the people who are trying to sell them things is one is going to be, are they aware of those organizations and people that say they can solve this problem?  And what's the level of trust that they have? very often it'll be through like, if you talk to consultants, independent consultants and boutiques, very often their work comes through their network.  That's transference of trust. But they did a good job for us. So talk to this guy. The other one is to break free through the marketing.  Very often doesn't, because it's not specific enough. So it doesn't resonate with the person who's got the problem. So if you look at people like Luke Smayers, have I talked to you about Luke?  So if you see his recent stuff, he sounds exasperated in his post just this morning. He's talking about consultants.  thing is saturated. It's a really, really tough marketplace. And people are going to market with vague messaging. So they're going to break through.  So if you go into an organisation so we can solve all of your problems, which problem would you like us to solve?  No one's going to talk to you. So you have to go in really, really specifically. So we help organisations choose the perfect market segments for their whatever it happens to be, if they're a marketing, that will resonate with the marketing person.  So that's the marketing you need to do. So the stuff you do on LinkedIn and everywhere else, that's what you need to be known for.  If you're going to do it through marketing. You might have a generalist station, a generalist consultancy, where somebody who works there is that person and they're very good at this.  They'll get referred by referral and recommendation. But the marketing's not doing it for them. That makes sense. Yes, yes, it does.

27:51 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  in terms of, in terms of Yeah, in terms of signals that tell the vision makers that they might need something, that they don't know that needs a workshop, but they need something that from the outside looks like a workshop.  Of course, that's super contextual, yes, that makes absolute sense. And one of the things that, one of the hints that you gave me was, you know, organizations that are more familiar with that kind of way of working might be more open to it, which also makes a lot of sense.  So there's no specific signals. We didn't get specific signals. We got to, like, contexts or... When you say specific signals, what do you mean?

28:47 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  would you like to know?

28:49 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So I'll give you a fake example, an illustration. Let's say that a new CMO joins and... The company has been running for a while.  So there's stuff that's ongoing that but they are they have joined because something needs to change You know balance the old and the new Maybe this kind of the first 90 days sort of thing is kind of a signal that they're like I need to do something to Get a bearing on this But I understand that the answer to this question is almost individualized is very very contextual Well, sometimes in that scenario, let's say for example, you got a new CIO Then they are more open to things like maturity index is maturity index So if if that's a way of gathering information on the organization, it gives you an audit of where are we now?  Okay, this is really interesting. So a maturity index and I can see how that would work is hypothetically really valued by people that are joining a new organization that they need to transform and they need to figure out.

30:06 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  Yeah, all okay. Well, so I see I know there's an organization called Digitopia who they have a they have a maturity index for digital transformation and they've got one now I think the cyber security and as well and they have across different I think of the term but different subjects within say for example digital transformation they will have a number of different questions that they can ask people across the organization to get an indication of how the how mature the organization is where they where they mature where they're immature that they have like these spidograph things.  Yes, this is. So, you know, customer experience or or marketing or the management of data. So that'll give them an indication of how how where they are in a digital maturity index.  So in an ideal world it'll give the company an idea of where they are and capability Where are we in a digital transformation and what's their capability to take it further?  And that's a good thing, having said that they have resistance, so for example they were selling into the UK and they didn't go particularly well, they struggled to get new customers.  And part of the reason for that, that's funny because I spoke to one of their sales guys and I made the assumption that this is good information, they'd love this information, but actually what he said was that they see it as a threat because if the board say well we're going to do this and it says that your area is not very good it's a threat to you, whereas if you're new and coming in it's not your problem, it's a situation you've inherited, so in some respects it's basically saying it's insurance, well it's insurance but it's also a good foundation for okay what's the job now that we need to do.  Like from a Machiavelli perspective it's insurance, from a technical perspective it's clarity. So that's a good thing, then so that potentially is a routine.  So Digitopia's business model proposition is they work through partners. The partners introduce Digitopia. Digitopia do the maturity model. One of their assets is the data they collect from all of the other customers that do the maturity model.  So you can then do a, what's the term? I mean, you can compare, there's another term. It gives you a, I can't remember the word, but it tells you how it indexed.  tells you how you're eating against your peers. And that's a good thing. And then the consulting firm that introduced you wants the gaps to be identified as a result of doing the maturity index.  Then the consulting firm will go and say, well, we can fix that for you. So that's a nice little reciprocal arrangement that they have.  That's how it works. But the point here is that a maturity index is potentially a route to market for other services.  easy touch point and it can provide immediate value to that business but there are people elements there in terms as we discussed in terms of its potentially a threat that information.

33:13 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  For sure I can see that that's happening and it's funny like now come to think of it use the example of the CIO and I remember like some of the most intense workshopping moments as an employee that I had or around moments like that like a new leader comes in yeah so that's a there's a flurry of activity when decision makers join and they need to figure out that that's very useful and so in your experience difficult question because I think there's a self-selection effect at work but if you have  if you have it, I love it. is like people that don't know of workshops, but they know that they need a different way of solving things.  What kind of alternatives do they look like? Do they look for? I can give you like a local example here in Brazil as an illustration.  So here in Brazil, advertising is what you study if you are creative, but also kind of business-like, right? So advertising agencies, sometimes they take this place of new thinking.  I need new thinking. I'll go to an advertising agency. This has changed over the last 10 years, but it used to be a lot like this.  So people didn't think about workshops. thought about I need like the creative guys and the creative guys are in the advertising agency.  So this is an illustration from here, but can you tell me about this?

34:54 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  Well, you're asking about triggers that they might look at? No, no, no.

34:59 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Alternative ways that people think about the solution to the problems they have if they are not aware of workshop stuff, you know?

35:12 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  I know. I suspect that there'll be frustration. So how do we solve this problem? And I suspect that there will be frustration at the problem or the recognition of the problem, frustration that nothing is getting done and it's taking forever.  And then there's going to be the conversation about what do we, know, should we go, we're going to get a consultant in to help us with this?  Or does anybody know anyone who's done this before? So some of the alternatives would be peer group stuff, you know, going going along to conferences and things where your peers are.  I know that by side, prefer their preferred route, is compared to peer. They would rather talk to their peers than be bombarded by consultancies.  And the peers become a shared experience and potentially a route to a solution, either a case study that that peer has got, or people that they can refer them to that have helped them get to the point where they are now, if that makes sense.  So that is, the peer is quite a strong thing. It makes perfect sense for sure.

36:34 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Especially when you don't know what you're looking for. You just describe your problem to people that are in your shoes and...

36:43 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  Yeah.

36:43 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, got it.

36:45 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  And then you have to remember that there's, how receptive they are then to messaging, the sales message, all of the consultants that are out there.  But the easy thing to do in the larger organization is just go to a big four consultancy. go to a McKinsey depending on how big you are.  I'll give you an example, I was talking to somebody, he works for one of the large banks in the UK and he was telling me that they just got McKinsey in and they got McKinsey in.  He said we knew what we had to do, we knew what we needed doing, but we got McKinsey in to test what we knew already so we could show it to our bosses so they'd let us do what we wanted to do anyway.  As you said, covering your . But it serves a purpose, doesn't it? That serves a purpose, it might even be that the advice is right, the question is do they actually manage to execute on what that advice is?  Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I think that the question now is around, and there's a blurring as well, between skills transfer, training,  and upskilling and facilitating workshops to take them through a process. One area that I'm interested in at moment is AI adoption.  So somebody else said to well actually he said to me as well, he said the biggest problem we have is mindset.  So all of this change that's going on at the moment, mindset's the biggest challenge, mindset and culture. So if you're going to go through an AI adoption process or your business can benefit from AI and you need to be to use it, then your biggest challenge is the culture within the organization because to what I suspect early on is a culture of fear for people who are here in their organization or be using losing their jobs.  So you need to educate them.

38:44 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Politics must be going crazy right now without the formal right and the fear of losing your job or being the last years you can make a living.  I could imagine people just turn up the politics to 11. to change people with the norm.

39:01 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  People don't like change anyway. Of course. I don't like change either. Yeah. People sabotage change. So, you know, and there are reasons, you know, there are benefits to AI, but there are also challenges and risks.  I think a lot of organizations are waiting and seeing what happens. Or, you know, if you're a large organization, then you buy a solution from a large supplier.  So, you might use a sales force, agent force, if you wanted to use AI agents. Go to one of the bigger players like Microsoft or sales force, because you have some come back and you're already using the solutions.  So, it's integrated. So, the whole organization is lifted, but it's done it hopefully in a safer way. And when you've done it, and all of your competitors have done it, nobody's got any competitive advantage because you're all doing the same thing.  Yeah. But if you don't do you certainly got a disadvantage. So I think that's what's going on at the moment.  That's what's going to happen. Got it.

40:11 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay. When you talk to experienced facilitators, successful like Adam and Edgar, do you see patterns? Like do you see commonalities?

40:32 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  I probably haven't spoken to enough of them to see patterns. I've read them. No, I don't. I think you  No, I don't I mean, there's a commitment to there's a commitment to a workshop as as as a means to an end You know in terms of the commonality is that they see it as as a means to means means to an end for the customer But it's gonna be well executed and they're gonna be working on the right problem to solve But okay, maybe pattern is the stronger words you have hunches In terms in a hunch in terms of what a commonality between Yeah, your current working I this is like I have some current working hypothesis on what the successful facilitators in common, right and And like one of the hypothesis I have I'm I have a high degree of confidence on this one is that they There

42:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  really good at translating why a workshop is the right thing for the kind of problems. mean, they are good at connecting the tool to the problem.  Is my current hypothesis a simple one, right? This is a bit of an obvious one.

42:15 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  yeah, they should be. You'd hope that they would be. Yeah. And you'd also help. I suspect my hunch is that a good facilitator is well organized, good with people, visual, need to be able to control the room in the sense that they need to be to manage people within the room and be disciplined because they're not the hero.  So they need to be disciplined to allow the others to do what's required within timeframes. So they need to have control of the room, don't they?  Because you allocate a certain amount of time for each element of the workshop. So I imagine it's a highly skilled thing.  to be able to do and it must be quite disciplined. I'm not sure that I'd be any good in the workshop as an facilitator because I'm an ideas person and I'm also a diversion thinker.  So if you had a workshop with me and I was running it probably go on three times as long as you knew.  So I think you need people who are probably more diver, conversion thinkers for the discipline to get it to the point to make a decision.  I would imagine anyway.

43:31 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And so now I think we've been talking mostly around competent at the skill of facilitating, right? Going a little bit more abstract, competent at the skill of selling workshops.  I can give you, I will think out loud, right? So a person that I feel that is really good at this is Pedram.  I also fell in British guy, I cannot pronounce his second name, it's Parasdam, I think it's an Iranian name, a Farsi name, I'll find it, I'll find it, Parasman, I don't know, yeah, it's a Okay lovely guy also knows Nick if you want to interview him I think for your research I think you will be very open to it okay okay okay yeah I think I think I like Nick him a bit so I think he's he's got a very definite thing that he wants to be known for which is the business model canvas so yeah I have a few interviewed him have you spent some chatting to him to Nick yes to with both yes I will  to with Nick just after this call? Oh, will you?

45:03 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  Okay. You must say hello to him. What I'm trying to do actually, will probably, Nick's very good. He'll beat me up in terms of all the things that I haven't got, where I need more evidence.  But I'd be interested in talking more to him. Because I'm interested in helping, well, the gap between problem and solution, the solution being the workshop matching the two.  And my belief is that use of workshops is going to increase. But I need to make sure that I'm quite specific in terms of what area that I attack first.  I think there's a, and I'm also interested in the, there's an element of training and upskilling as well. So, you know, I'm, in terms of my model, I'm, there's an element of am I selling workshops?  training or am I creating a marketplace for workshops and training and the moment it's it's both but I think selling is the first step to marketplace unless I get loads of funding in which case I can do marketing but that's that's always the first thing that you won't get funded to do marketing unless the thing is already working right you know so lots of startup founders have a habit of saying designing the business and then saying all we now need is loads of money and we'll do loads of marketing but you have to you have you have to have done your testing as Nick will tell you and it's it's the hard the hard truth it's contact with the contact of the customer and it's funny as I it takes a long time to get there but it's always always talk to the customer get out of the room all that stuff and focus so everybody it's focused that I think somebody  talks about the smallest niche that you can find. You've got to focus at that level. Yeah, and when I started out with digital transformation people, my strap line was everything you need for digital transformation in one place.

47:19 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It's an ish, it's an ish for digital transformation. Well, it's very, very broad and it makes it impossible to sell anything to anybody.

47:30 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  So anyway, carry on. long do you have for this? Because if you're jumping off to Nick, you've to get off in a second.  I think I have 10 more minutes. Have you got what you wanted?

47:45 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I've got yes, and I've also updated a bit of my questions. from a general perspective, what's the question behind my questions?  is important. In writing the book, right, which is a forcing function, I just, you know, forcing me to put to paper things I've been thinking about.  But in writing the book, one of the things and trying to get clear to your point, get to get clear on who this book is for, I think it's for consulting and agencies.  And I'm thinking that maybe it needs to be even more specific, like the tick consulting and agencies like really, because in my mind, it was with boutiques, but I wasn't saying that in the title of the book.  yeah, maybe I should be obvious without making the title like this long. But one of the things that I want to include in the book is some notions on how to not just create your workshop, but how to create a workshop that clients are interested in buying, right.  And I was thinking like I need to have a little bit more insight on what makes. inspired workshop, Hence the questions around what signals do they have, what problems are they trying to solve, stuff like that.  And I think perhaps my questions were a little bit naive in terms of how quantifiable some of these things are.  think some of them are, you know, messy, fuzzy. But the general direction, I think it's really, this was really helpful.  And for this remain minutes. I think what I would like to explore is which we try to explore a little bit of the buy side of who buys workshops.  From your conversations and your experience with, you know, knowing a lot of facilitators, I'd like to explore a little bit more on the sell side, like this conversation we're just having right now about Nick and like facilitators and people that I don't think Nick introduces himself as a facilitator.

49:58 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  No, we know that

50:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  That's a core skill that he has, right?

50:02 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  he's the startup guy. Yeah. So he won't sell, hey, come and buy a business model campus session with me, he's a startup guy.  So if your startup's struggling, he will engage because he can help you solve that problem. So no one's going to come to him say, well, we need to go through the business model campus.  I mean, they might do, his point of contact is a startup that are flailing around trying to find product market fit.  It's not working. So he provides a different thinking to validate the business model.

50:42 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So that's sorry. So this is staring us in the face, which is the focus is on marketing and the problem and not the tool.

50:51 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  Yes. Yeah, yeah, it's never the tool. I mean, made the assumption that if you... Yeah. It depends, again, the market knowledge.  If you know that a workshop solves this problem, then you can sell the workshop to solve the problem. But people who have the problem are not aware of the problem.  So they want to engage your people who they believe and trust can solve that problem. And just because those people then use a workshop, it's part of their toolkit.  So if you go to a doctor to discover what's wrong with you, you want to talk to the doctor to find out what's wrong with you.  You don't say, I need somebody to use a stethoscope and listen to my heart. That's the tool he uses in the same way as a workshop was a tool for Nick.  But he's also educating the market by talking about the business model campus and what he does for people. And it's not the sort of thing that I know about the business model canvas and I what it is.  But you need somebody like Nick to help you use it properly because there's a discipline to it. You need to do it the right order in the right way with the right thoroughness and discipline.  Otherwise it all gets woolly, doesn't it? You give yourself license to, it sort of goes there and it sort of goes there and you end up with a sort of business model canvas.  So Nick gives you discipline I think.

52:42 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Nick is a very interesting example because by definition he is extremely tool-focused in his craft, but not in his messaging.  Right? Yeah. So when I see Nick's stuff I realize, oh, there's a subtlety. to the business model canvas that I've not noticed before.  I knew it was more, I've been through the experience of doing it poorly and then doing it better and doing it with others, doing it for others.  So I had that understanding. But then when I see Nick talking about it, I say, oh, there's much more layers to this.  But at the same time, I think the tool is kind of a bad signal that he puts out. But what he said, it feels like he is much more defined by the market and the problem.  And yes, there's a tool, and he's very good at it, and he talks about it. I think it strikes a really interesting balance that I had not fully appreciated before.

53:47 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  I was talking to somebody earlier this week. sort of came to the question. People talk on LinkedIn, so consultants so we know that that's what happens.  heard people say that I really respect on LinkedIn who do a lot of content and then have said to me that they don't get any business out of LinkedIn at all.  But actually I think what they do get, because they all come through referrals, but the referrals come from people who have learned to respect them from what they've seen on LinkedIn.  So for example with Nick, Nick will be talking to lots of people who know about innovation, varying degrees of innovation.  They're either doing it or they know a little bit about it. But the outcome of all of that that he does, he's building his relationship with a level of referrers, people he's educating the market so that, I mean, you know, if I came across somebody who needed somebody who had a startup problem, I would say you need to talk to someone like Nick Himovitz.  And Nick, I know because there's a familiarity thing. So I've seen Nick do a lot of stuff. I've spoken to him.  So he would be the person that I would refer them to. Yes, and now part of my my business model that I want I wanted to deliver on is I want to engage customers in a problem where they don't know what the problem is at all, help them refine that problem to the extent they know what the problem is and I'll say actually this is a startup problem you need someone to help you with business model canvas I recommend that you talk to Nick Himovitz so that's that's what the as a marketplace that I'd be looking to do.  The other the other area as far as that is concerned is with Nick is to help Nick scale so if I can get more business than Nick can manage then we can start to broker that out to people that are that work in the same way as Nick but they're not as good at marketing themselves Nick that makes sense yes yes there's many people who could do business model canvas and are probably very good at it but they're not very good at marketing themselves on LinkedIn and so but they they could do a good job and that's the case that's the case for me  many, many other people. There are people who forged the way in thought leadership and rightfully they should get the first pick of the good work that they, you know, what they're creating demands, but there's a tale of people who can deliver on this.  that's what I was looking to do with my, the last sort of model I was pursuing was tier one and tier two consultants.  Do remember we had that conversation a while back? So the tier ones, the ones ones producing who have the thought leadership and expertise who are forging path and creating awareness.  if they can, I was looking to create, help them create demand for their thought leadership. And then as we create the demand that we then, we then supply their associates to the customer to actually perform the work.  So that's the expert practitioner versus the thought leader who's also an expert practitioner, but they're one level above, but if they can create demand.  So somebody who's writing fabulous in the UK, can create demand for somebody who's based in Australia. The person in Australia, why do they need to have to write the same stuff?  Or what need is endorsement from the person who's writing it in the first place who said this guy is actually good.  So my content will do the work and then I will fulfill it with this guy. So it's all about transparency of trust, it's all about somebody that you know and like respect, saying that person's good, I would talk to them, which is the referral thing.  The problem that the facilitators have is that it's not a thought leadership, they can only say I'm good at workshops and for the facilitation.  That's a hard thing to sell because actually they need to move, it's one step away from the thing they actually need to sell, which is the solution to the problem.  That makes sense. And then you've got the consultants who want to come in and tell people how to do things.  which doesn't include them, I think now it needs to include the people in the business to solve their own problems so you're into facilitation.  That's why I think it's valuable. Well, a couple of reasons. People need to become, new ways of working, it's mindset and culture, and that's something that people in the organization have to learn and become that, and they need to be involved in the decisions as to where the company is going, and the company needs to is going to innovate effectively, then it needs to engage the insights and collective intelligence to people who work there, because they know they have a great depth of knowledge and context of the organization, that makes sense.  It does. Yes, it does. Provide the framework, so it takes them through the process of utilizing what they already have, which is their knowledge and insight.  They just don't know that they've got it, and they can't make the decision to move forward, and they can't get alignment, so it gets everyone  in the room, it takes them through a process, that's the most valuable thing. The only other bit I would add to that is that you bring in the expertise, certainly if it's AI, if you're talking about the art of the possible, the people who are having those conversations need to have somebody in the room who actually knows what this stuff can and can't do.  There's no point in saying that we'll fly off to Mars and then we'll do this. I think what I'm doing, I'm trying to I'm trying to create a business and I'm making suppositions about the component people, from what I can see, what I haven't done enough of is talking to customers, but that's what I'm endeavouring to do, but to talk to customers, I need to dangle a value proposition in front of them so I can have those conversations.  need to test it with, this is the problem that I can solve for you and if they bite on it then I know that they're interested.  Exactly.

1:00:01 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  One of my chicken and the egg problems with the first customer interviews I was trying to do was like, yeah, friendlies are easier, but not necessarily the ICP, right?  But then with the friendlies, I get an hypothesis that helps me sharpen the carrots. So I'll have to live in five minutes, but maybe this useful.  So one of things I've noticed is that the more I engage with agencies, because I think consulting and agency work are not the same, but they do have the same sort of challenges around selling expertise.  the advantage is that agencies are much more visible than the consultancies. They are better at marketing themselves. are findable.  Right. And I started to interact with agency people and it was much easier to connect with, you know, agency people.  And now what I'm what I've noticed is that I've spoken to a few like marketers for professional services. And I don't come across as a threat because I'm not going to replace that whole thing that they do.  But it is exactly what you describe like I come across as a guy that knows one specific thing that fits within some clients.  And I've got I've got more referrals in that way, even for people that have never worked with me. Yeah, yeah, to your point, like I've been talking about this workshop for consultants for so much like the only guy I see saying this specific thing.  So trying to join these these groups of legible these legible groups, I think has been easier for me than to join the console boutique consult groups.  They are there, but they're less.

1:01:57 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  Okay, so this is another conversation, but I I can think of people in my network that have IP that I think can benefit from working with you to refine their IP.  The question I think some of them will have is how much they would be prepared to pay because a lot of these independent consultants are not making much money at the moment because the market is dead for them but they need to sell and they probably well they're not spending money on marketing so they're writing lots of articles and they're not coming back in any form so they need they need to listen to Luke Smayers they need to refine their messaging to find out what the one thing is then they need to have a workshop or something which will help them you know a piece of value so they can say I solve this problem and you know come in and do this in three four days and then if it's something that they can sell and then they go on to do the consultancy that's important  we should say well I'll come in and work with us for six months and solve this problem for us.  But yeah so that's another conversation I want to have with you in terms of because it kind of fits in with what I'm doing as well in taking these people.  I'm interested in the long tail of when a specific climate has a specific problem. I manage to identify that then I want to connect them with the people very specifically who can solve that problem.  But that can't be done in like a sort of recruitment thing. It needs to be done in a way that I match the two very disparate things.  might be because it's not going to happen very often but occasionally it does happen. It's gold dust because this person can solve your problem.  It might be a rare thing. I've seen this before talk to this person. lives in Australia but he knows somebody who lives in Kansas who can help you.  You need to kind of be tapped to that. You need to get the problem defined and then it has huge value.

1:04:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Absolutely. Oh, I'm bristling with, you know, next steps. Yeah, I made some notes for, come again.

1:04:09 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  I can say you've got, you know, it's on the recording, but I'm happy to jump on again and have a chat.  I've been interested to know your perspective in terms of your go-to market and things. I'd love to talk to Nick.  Say hello to Nick. I've made a note, say. I'm trying to sell this Reinvention Summit thing. So if I get to sell enough seats and I get to go, if I don't, then I'm not going.  But I know that's where Nick's going. So I'd see him there. I'd like to talk to him again and just bounce where I'm at.  yeah, so say hello. I will.

1:04:43 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  will. Thank you so much for this.

1:04:47 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  Thank you.

1:04:48 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'll keep you posted. So I don't have exact timelines for what's happening now, but everything that we just discussed is more for internal research.  won't call you or anything.

1:05:00 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  anything.

1:05:02 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  You can quote me if it's really cool. Yeah, so as I was talking to the team and team was skydiving with cool sunglasses, he told me.  yeah, yeah, yeah, I can do that. Or on a jet ski maybe. Yeah, I can do that.

1:05:18 - Tim Ellis (Digital Transform)
  Good, good. Okay, all right, well you go and have your meeting with Nick and I will talk to you soon.  Talk to you soon. Thank you so much.