---
title: The super secret link - Will Greenblatt
date: '2025-04-09T18:00:00.000000Z'
duration: 47m
participants:
- João
- Will Greenblatt
source: https://fathom.video/calls/273429456
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:05:27.615092+00:00'
---

The super secret link - Will Greenblatt - April 09
VIEW RECORDING - 58 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/nXc8wTSyFsyxAr8TJyumwZReXv1A1Hm2

---

0:02 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  Oh, I'm not hearing you for some reason. Sorry.

0:07 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Oh, there we go. You get these microphones and then I forget to turn them on. Yeah, yeah.

0:13 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  Yeah, luckily mine, well mine is just always, the settings are always tuned to my microphone but then I forget sometimes that I didn't even plug it in so I'm just talking and I think I sound super cool and it's just echoey computer mic.

0:27 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, yeah, not a silly, not a silly. So I was saying congrats on getting the name right because, you know, most people don't get it.  It's not an easy name to say.

0:38 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  I was going to ask if I was getting it right. That's good. Yeah, it's pretty good, pretty good.

0:43 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, good. Are you Brazilian?

0:45 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  I live in Brazil.

0:46 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I am Portuguese. Portuguese, okay, yeah.

0:48 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  I had a lot of Brazilian friends and roommates when I was in Spain so I was learning Spanish but also hearing a lot of Brazilian Portuguese so I, you know, I feel like I kind of have an ear for it when I hear...

1:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Portuguese being spoken I can kind of understand so yeah but I've never actually studied the language but yeah I think with having Spanish and English it wouldn't wouldn't take too long yeah for sure yeah and also I think the Brazilian Portuguese well you know about keynotes they pronounce words right I don't know if you heard if you've heard Portuguese people speaking Portuguese yeah sounds like Russian or yes right yeah so true what what part of Portuguese from I went a couple times near Porto okay yeah I went yeah yeah beautiful what a beautiful sound that is yeah I like it I like it it's also I know getting kind of famous and it's funny because it wasn't like this in the past so recently this happened more which people ask me where I'm from I say is near Porto and people say oh I've been there yeah yeah so it's interesting that's cool where are you based I'm based in Toronto in Canada but I lived I lived in Spain

2:00 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  Year and a half and traveled throughout Europe a little bit and then I lived in China for a year and half and traveled Around Asia a little bit not as much as I I would have liked but yeah now I'm back in Canada not a small place either, right?  Yeah, exactly But at least once you're there the flights are way cheaper than you know Canada We it's so expensive to go anywhere other than the US so it's or Mexico or Cuba That's kind of the only places that Canadians tend to go Yeah, I think here in Brazil is Something like that.

2:29 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I think it's like a big country. Yeah problem and Sometimes like traveling internally is more expensive than just you know going some other place Which is yeah, kind of nuts Which place are you in Brazil?  So I live in the south in Curitiba? Okay, it's not one of the major cities, but there's like I don't know three million people something like that, right?  Yeah Wow crazy the size of Toronto Yeah, so that that's Brazil like we People say, oh, I live in a small place.  I'm ending up $100,000. Yeah, yeah. I'm from a place of $30,000, so, yeah. Right.

3:08 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  Yeah, amazing. Well, yeah, really nice to meet you. And so, Joao, right? That's the correct pronunciation?

3:14 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah.

3:15 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  OK, cool. Awesome. Yeah, really nice meeting you, and I'm glad we set this up. I really loved your stuff.  I can't remember where I saw it, but you were. Well, first of all, all the stuff you've been posting, the book that you're writing seems really exciting and really, really cool.  Like, very technical, but in a way that I would really appreciate, I think. And also, all the stuff I saw, I guess, was it on your sub-stack or your website?  anyways, everything I saw from you, I really enjoyed. And, yeah, really excited just to talk shop with you and see what kind of stuff we do that overlaps and is different and what I can learn from you and all that sort of thing.

3:52 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, exactly, exactly the same. So thank you for saying that. As you know, we put so much effort into this.  putting things out into the world and Sometimes you know distribution is not what we expect it and then people say these things like yes, thank you like okay.  It's something good is happening Yeah, yeah, that's right That's how I feel about it too like so hard to measure and and obviously the growth is slow and you don't always yeah You can't always measure the The the the metrics or the impressions are down whatever and then yeah Somebody sends you a nice message or says something on a call and you're like, okay It's it's it's doing what I want it to do and and I can keep keep going for another week at least Yeah, yeah Yeah, actually I gotta say I have at least that I can see because I usually have a lot of tabs I have at least two tabs open on your on your website newsletter blog thing So I also I also quite like it and so there's a few things that you know caught my eye So the first one is the you're funny.  I think you're doing you're a very Intentional about that right You Yeah, I try to let out my personality as much as I can.

5:03 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  It feels like that.

5:06 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And to me, that makes a lot of sense. And also, it's something that I've been trying to dose a little bit, because to get attention, you need to stand out, be funny is a good way of standing out.  And also, I think in your case, it's a very good example of, it doesn't take away from the value of the other stuff that you share.  it just goes across as, OK, so this guy's funny, and he knows what he's talking about. If I have to choose between two guys that know what they're talking about, I'll choose the one that's funny, right?

5:39 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  Yeah, that's really, at the first time I've heard it put like that, but that's awesome. And that's exactly what I'm hoping for.  Because I think, yeah, I probably would have worried about a few years ago I wouldn't have wanted to be silly like I am in real life, in public, because I would have taken away from my credibility.  But I don't think it does. At least from what I've seen because I'm just copying people. I've seen who do it really well And I'm like I still believe that this person is is credible and they're really funny So like why can't I do that too?  So I'm really glad that's coming across and I I believe in that a lot I believe in this it's it's one of the things I'm trying to bring to the world in terms of like You know, I don't I'm not super clear on what my main message is and that's probably something I'd love to talk to you about that and and see where you stand on that But I feel like I haven't kind of come to I don't know my main mission or whatever that is where I'm like I'm comfortable talking about this one topic and exploring it from all angles for like the next ten years That's what I care about.  That's gonna be all my content. I still feel that I'm kind of circling it a little bit But one of the things that I really that I really care about is like bringing humanity into like our business communications and not trying to You know dropping the old way of doing things where it's like leave your problems at the door leave your you know Leave your personality at home

7:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  all these all the ways that that gets in the way of us actually communicating and connecting with other people um so yeah well i'm just glad to hear you said that because i think i think that's one of the things i do really care about and and want to talk about a lot yeah i think it's coming across so uh quick question um are you are are you over 30 okay i'm 37 yeah i'm 38 yeah okay so i'm 38 so maybe we have the same sort of experience and i think it's a transition that some people our age are making now which is you remember the life before the internet right yeah like things were on tv they were you know validated tv was was the real world right and then we got the internet and we started to get used to these ideas that oh anyone can broadcast some ideas and maybe they our formative media years were around  broadcast, right? So we have this mental model of, I think, naturally, this mental model of things need to be polished and people know what they're talking about, that you need to convey that, you know, you're on top of your game.  And I think like the younger, the younger generations that they don't remember a world without internet, they don't really buy this polish thing.  Yeah, and there are much more at ease with just, you know, being themselves. But I think for us, for our for our age group, this is kind of an intentional intentional thing to do.  Like, oh, yeah, I can be myself. Oh, sure, I can. Yeah. And I'm like, if you look at older people, it's even more like this, like you see like a podcast from an older guy, it's really boring and maybe it's good in terms of content, but it's like really stayed and formal.

8:51 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  Yeah.

8:52 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And I've been thinking a lot about that thing that I think we have a similar view on that, being ourselves.  getting paid for it there. That's it.

9:04 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  It's like, it's one of those things where, you know, I always feel like there's two cases I'm making. There's the business case and then there's the life case.  Yeah, like I'm much more interested in the life case. It's so much more interesting to me than like coming up with like good business strategies.  Although I need good business strategies. I want to make a living. I want to do all these things. But to me, it's so much interesting, like how to live a better life.  Yeah. So what I feel like when the work I want to do, it's about combining those two and going, are there things that are not only good for you psychologically and in your life, but that also will maybe help you make a better living.  And so I feel like what you're talking about is one of them is if you can be more honest, transparent, vulnerable, real, you know, less button up, less stuffy, can you actually get paid more for being like that too?  And I think the answer is yes. I think that's what we're seeing in the influencer generation. Now, not all of them are being honest, but I'm just saying like,  at least a lot of them who build followings whether it's honest or not it's different and it's wacky and it's out there and that's how they create their that's how they create their living is gathering a legion of people who find their particular brand of personality engaging enough to spend time with and to donate to and to you know even the ones that don't do anything or sell anything they still make money somehow by like you know patreon or donations or whatever and and that's kind of the idea is like how can you how can you or at least that's the way I think about it is like I remove the layers of  that that that I want to present to the world so that I will be accepted and not made fun of and and allowed to speak and you know kept safe from criticism how do I just peel those off more and more so that I can get to the weird under here that I think is actually like the most valuable stuff and I think will get me paid better  Ultimately, but but it's scary. It's scary to show those sides of yourself So that's my life's work and that's kind of what I'm trying to to bring to to present to the world as well Yeah, I think just today or yesterday you said something about the haters Yeah, like I should how you deal with that.  So literally that's my that like to me That's the tierical version of what I'm saying right now. Yeah version is like anybody criticize me I'm just gonna completely change myself to match whatever they want and just tell me what you want And I'll be that like because that's my instinct And especially coming from an acting background.  That's what I did my whole life I would just meet a room full of people and be like, who do you need me to be?  You mean to be mr. Funny. I'll be mr. Funny. Do you want me to sound cool? Do I need to impress you with a cool story?  Do I need to be a tough guy? Do I need to be Ladies man, like what do I need to do to get you to like me and that was just my whole social strategy And I just got sick of that eventually because I was like this doesn't feel good anymore And so it's a long  story. But basically, over the years, I was like, I don't feel good doing this anymore. So I want to change.  And then I just started slowly chipping away at, you know, these layers of . And that's just gotten me so much farther along in my career.  But it's still there. All those instincts of getting people like me are still there. For sure. sure. I imagine that.  So your background is as a product designer. I remembering that right?

12:25 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah. So I went to school for design, like, you know, industrial stuff. I products like designing, yeah, my power drills stuff on chat.  Yeah. But the funny thing is, I don't have any product. Real product maze, which is quite common for people that set industrial design because there's less opportunities.  Right. And what I like the most about industrial design was it was very structured. like if you mess up with the visual it's usually relatively easy to correct it like at most you need to reprint some stuff but if you mess up with a tool that is produced in China with a mold and so on that's so that it's a different way of handling like what you don't know about the project the more structure more like engineering like right that was really good for me because it gave me a certain structure or I think I've always been creative but you know together with that creativity as always there was always how do I make these ideas happen in the world you know if you have a lot of ideas by definition you won't be able to you know realize them all and I think I went to school for that and then I came to Brazil to work in you know vision consulting which is like workshops and design thinking and so on and can I ask how you got there

14:00 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  from the from the industrial design? what caused you to go into these workshops? That's a good question.

14:06 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So the program I took was very reliant on cooperating with industries, right? So we did have like projects with industries and stuff like that.  And during my education, we would not just have these projects with the industry, but we were incentivized to find ways of working together with the client to figure out what's happening, what's the issue, needs to be solved, and so on.  So actually, that was the first time I heard about facilitation was during college. And when I finished my studies, and I think I was a little bit looking back, I know this now, but I didn't realize it then, like I couldn't prepare better, you know, like all those type A people getting ready for their job.  I like two semesters ahead. So I was not that. Yeah, me neither. I was not doing that. And eventually I was like, yeah, OK, I'm a designer, can I get a job at this?  I don't think that's my thing. And it took me a while, maybe a few months to realize, oh, there's this thing called design thinking.  So right now, as of today, I do have some reservations with design thinking as an idea. But it was very useful for me to have a label for something to put on Google and find things.  But basically, how I got into that job was that I had some friends that went to school with me.  They were working at this company, was a Brazilian company. And when I emailed them and say, what's happening in Brazil?  So I was in Portugal back then. And they said, well, this company likes our kind of background. Do you want to come?  And I did. That was 12 years ago. Wow. It goes fast. And you never left? No, I mean, I visited.  Yeah, yeah. I got married here. Oh, wow.

16:10 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  Thank you. And to a Brazilian one?

16:12 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yes, yes. Yeah, which is the classic gringo story. oh, yeah, I'm gonna be there for two years. Yeah.

16:18 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  Yeah. Wow. And now that we, you know, if we want to live together, we got to get married and yeah, and then it happens.

16:27 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So it's a little like that. And I quite like Brazil. It's bit crazy. I think I don't know if you have traveled a lot in like South America or Latin America.  It certainly has that energy.

16:44 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  but Columbia and Mexico but never anywhere else.

16:50 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, I think I've been to Columbia, not Mexico. so you know what I mean? Yeah. And especially when compared to Portugal, like World World and New World is a big difference.

17:00 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  Portugal is very chill, at least in my experience there. Portugal is very slow and quiet and, you know, yeah.

17:07 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Not very ambitious as well. So anyway, sorry, I went on a bit of a detour. No, no, that's okay.

17:15 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  So yeah, so, because it's really interesting to me, I just, know, and because of the work I do, I love people's stories.  So that's really cool about this thing of going to school for something and then not really being what you thought you wanted to do.  And then just having this random phone call, which is almost like faith or almost like a, you know, lucky moment and your friends being, hey, we're in Brazil.  This is kind of cool. And then you go, yeah, sure. And then, you know, changes your life. So I just, I love that kind of stuff.  Oh yeah, I have a few of those.

17:41 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Like, it's funny because my tendency is to try to plan for things. You know, like, some people like to create systems but they don't like to follow systems.  That's me. So have this productivity idea and change this. You do it. Yeah, yeah, I love that state. I it.  Stick into it. really hard. I love that.

18:02 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  I feel very similar.

18:04 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, you're similar? Yeah, because I have all these like workshops.

18:08 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  I have all these speaking workouts that I create. I mean, I was, you know, I'm trained as an actor.  I started acting when I was seven years old. I went to theater school for three years. I've been I've done plays and films and auditions for years.  And I, you know, and I still speak all the time. So I, I don't train myself as much as I, as much as I used to, or as much as like my clients need to.  And the way I look at it is like, okay, I've been trained my whole life. You can do the 15 minutes a day thing that I'm, I don't need to do it.  know, like, I'd probably be much better if I did do it. But so like I designed like speaking workouts.  So it's like something for your mind, something for your body, something for your voice. And it's singing or it's tongue twister, it's meditation, it's, you know, jumping jacks, push-ups, whatever, to get the, you know, the breath and the body and the voice and the face and everything working together.  But I'm not going to do it. Let's, you know, put together and I'm like, you do it.

19:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, yeah exactly like that.

19:03 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  Interesting and so yeah so how do we, sorry to interrupt but I really want to hear about your book as well.

19:11 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So yeah about the book, okay so there's this thread through my entire career which is me committing different career suicides like just quitting or like I'm not this thing.  And one of the things I've realized so the last one was when I was working as a manager for a fintech company.  And that was interesting but suddenly my daily life had a lot of Excel and credit models and I'm bad with numbers like it's a liability that they asked me to do these things.  And the company was not in good health and I was like what am I doing I mean I don't want to be doing this thing for forever.  I used to be younger I remember having more vitality. I remember, I know that if I want to do my own thing, I need to do it before I have kids and so on.  So eventually I quit. The decision was on my birthday actually. So I quit and then I was like, but I didn't really have a plan.  I thought I had a plan, but it wasn't really a plan. So I just told everybody that I used to work as an independent consultant before for workshops and so on.  I told everyone like, hey guys, I'm back. And this was 2023, which was kind of a bad year for a lot of people in terms of any consulting.  Yes, me too. So that was a difficult year, but also in terms of not just getting the work, but also knowing exactly what do I do, right?  Yeah. And I think from what you're saying, maybe this is familiar, which is like, do you define what you do by the skills you apply, by the problems you solve, by the questions you're trying to answer?  by the people you help. It's like all these different ways. And eventually, so my wife, she has her own company, and she's also a consultant.  And one of the things that we've noticed is that I kept helping her with workshops because that's something I knew.  And we could see it like, because our company is in corporate compliance, which is not the funniest thing, right?  But she was doing the workshops and she was, you know, going into this stuff and applying this stuff, even without me just by Osmosis.  And she really stood out in her field. It was really clear that everyone was, all the lawyers were doing it in this way.  She was doing it that way. she was, know, she got a lot of recognition like nationwide in Brazil for this.  That's amazing. Yeah. And she's also like a keynote speaker and so on. Oh, awesome. And yeah, it's, it's a great  She's good at it. She likes doing it. It's great. And and I was like, yeah, I think that's that's something I do.  think I productize expertise, right? With workshops. And I started talking more about it, about it. And then you have that journey of learning how to explain what you do.  Like the explanation of what you do is also product itself. Yes. polish it. And I think that I'm at the most clear ever right now.  And it's, I hate to say this, but the LinkedIn has helped me because I challenge myself to post every business day for a quarter.  And I got maybe 300 followers, if that much, so that's dismal. But bringing the reps was really, you know, useful.  Yeah. So sorry, I've been, you know, just No, no, it's so interesting.

23:01 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  So don't don't worry about that. But yeah, um, that's fascinating. Um, I love what you just said about the explanation of Of what you do is part of the product itself.  That's like a huge I've never never thought it or said it so succinctly, but that's exactly what I believe um, and and it's so powerful because As you pitch it as you market it as you sell it You are crystallizing the thing itself because if you're talking about one aspect of it and nobody cares That's feedback that yeah by the market.  So if you then if you say, you know, yeah, we spend, know 15 minutes of module two is on this and people like this is my favorite part then you go, okay Maybe we you know reiterate and make it more Part of the actual training and stuff.  So I've I've found that to be the case as well um and in terms of the posting on linkedin are you Do you mostly work with companies or one-on-one people and are you trying to like like who do you want in your audience?  To to understand what it is that you're doing going be like your potential buyers? I want to shift.

24:04 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'm shifting more in the companies, but so far, most of my clients have been like solos or very, small companies.  And yeah, sorry, go ahead. No, no, sorry, you go ahead.

24:17 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  I was just going to ask, and so you are helping them with like the design of workshops in order for them to facilitate their expertise.  Yeah, yeah.

24:27 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So workshops, think, is like, and this has been a bit of a challenge as well, because what do you pick, right?  Because at the end of the day, and I've been, you know, leaning hard on the workshop things, but sometimes you come up with a framework and sometimes it's like information architects who just help people structure their ideas.  Maybe sometimes it's a one-pager, know? Yeah. And so as you work with communication, I'm sure you understand what I mean, which is sometimes what gets the job done is a very, very simple  will think that has a lot of leverage and I love one-pagers and stuff like that. But I think that's a hard sell.  So I've been leaning harder onto the workshop because it feels less something that people are like, oh yeah, I got it.  I'll do it on my own time. But there's some uncertainty there. I'm always kind of trying to figure out these things.  So I'm trying to shift into more companies because solos have a lot of agency, sense of agency. They are fascinating to talk to.  I love those conversations. But then they don't buy. I'm these guys. I am, totally. And they're like, oh yeah, I can learn this.  They're very curious. So that's how they became a solo. So I think that's the shift I'm doing now. Still meeting people.  But not letting that trick me to like this is not business development. I may I am meeting people I mean growing my network.  Oh, I like that. Yeah, but let's not trick myself and think that I'm doing business development because yes, not where this is going.  Yeah, is this familiar to you?

26:18 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  Certainly, although I'm always stuck between twin desires. One is to be like to like throw off corporate entirely and be like, I'm sick of having to package all of what I do into increasing KPIs and you know, measuring results and stuff.  I have a lot of experience with that because I happened to stumble into B2B training in like 2019 or something.  I was approached by Wayfair and they asked if I could train their company and I ended up pitching them on this thing that didn't exist.  And they were like, Yeah, that sounds great. And so we did it. And then it was a big hit.  And so we ended up That's how I scaled my company and when I said 2023 was a really bad year for me.  That was the year Everything like that company tanked and so we I'd hired two full-time employees. I had to fire both of them is awful We completely ran out of money My daughter was just born.  She was like seven months old at this time and I was just so stressful Yeah, still still becoming getting used to becoming a father and I was just like yeah It was it was awful, but then as I as you know, the dust kind of settled.  I realized okay I want to be in business with my partner anymore I've been wanting to get out of this relationship for a while letting my business and And I and I don't think I want to be like a CEO of a growing agency because I'm spending all my Training and managing blah blah blah so I kind of scaled back and then I thought well I still want to do this work but I just I also coach and speak because that's what I really love to and I love writing and creating content so Yeah, that's the way I look at it.  part of me is like, you know, I should just create a big audience and help the audience of solos you know do their thing and you know maybe work for corporate when if they come in my door I'll say sure I'll come speak at Nike whatever the  right like something like that I would do it but in general with my content with my way I'm thinking that's kind of who I want to serve usually because it's me it's also who I am so I can kind of just take whatever I'm working on and thinking about this week and pass it along but then the business side of me is like I've only ever made big money with corporate I don't know how to make a good living through B2C coaching and audience yeah haven't figured that out yet hopefully I will one day I would love to but right now I don't know how to do it so what I'm doing now is I'm kind of I have a foot in both doors where on the speaking side of my career I speak to corporations either I go through the L&D departments or I approach their sales their VP of sales directly and say hey this is the storytelling  Kind of public speaking workshop. I do here is how you know what we've done in the past I think we can help your teams improve whatever, you know certain KPIs like what we'll come in and do this workshop for you And that's kind of what I'm looking on now is sort of reestablishing myself in that, you know in that corporate space and Then on the other side, I have my one-on-one coaching which is like helping Solos to do what I'm doing like, you know, basically with the ideas like I've been doing this for eight years now So I have you know, I've learned a few things and so I can help them Create what I call is create their signature workshop and I feel like you probably know way more about workshops than I do So I'd love to you know Know if I'm getting it wrong or if I'm saying the wrong things or anything But for me a workshop is basically like an interactive Facilitation session where people are not only learning something but applying it right away trying to create something And and drive some kind of solution to some kind of problem It's not just being motivated.  It's not just being inspired, but there's there's a real use case or that they're you know for the material that they're learning.  And I come from an education background so that's kind of how I've looked at it is like a workshop's almost like teaching a class and so that's kind of how I've approached it how I've structured it and I found it to be quite useful or quite helpful at least for my career.  So yeah those are my two kind of main focuses right now they feel more aligned than it was before but they still feel a bit out of alignment because as I said if I had my mission then I could just be like you know a friend of mine do you follow Maureen, Riley Clow on LinkedIn?

30:39 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I don't think so.

30:40 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  She's great I'll find her for you and share the contact. She's awesome and her thing is just like she talks about ageism in the workplace.  She's got a podcast, she makes content, she's gotten big on LinkedIn recently, she's got a lot of listeners on her podcast.  I just did her podcast recently you know it's I've seen a bunch of episodes she's Awesome, and it's just so clear as soon as you come across her on LinkedIn or on her podcast or ever like this is what she talks About this is her mission her mission is to fight against ageism in the workplace There she is and I feel like what's so great about her mission is that like she hasn't quite figured out how to monetize it yet But she's built up a huge audience and through that audience she can kind of do you know She can kind of go lots of she has just tons of options of how to monetize that You know and I'm kind of doing it the opposite way where I'm like I'm kind of Trying different things and slowly building an audience, but I don't have this like one mission that will really allow me to like You know get a lot of people on board with this thing I'm trying to solve because I'd like on the one hand.  I'm speaking about storytelling and speaking to corporate and the other hand I'm speaking. I'm helping people Figure out how to speak to corporate.  You know what I mean? So it's like a it's a bit of a bit of a mess I I vibe with that

32:02 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So, yeah, just today, some video over popped up in my timeline without me following her. I like, I've seen this face today.  And I, yeah, I empathize a lot with this, how to position. And also for me, first one thing that was useful that has been helpful to me, which is the idea of the Feynman problems.  I know Richard Feynman. Have you heard of the Feynman problems? I don't think so. So a lot of people when they hear Feynman, they think about the Feynman learning method, which is like, try to explain it, but it's not that.  So if I remember correctly, he had a list of maybe 12 problems, big ones, that it was always noodling on.  And this list followed him his entire life, right? And I think that when we try to describe what we do based on  the problems we try to solve, put it, we give focus. It's like putting a magnet around it. So there's many things you know how to do.  There's many skills you have. can write, you can talk, you can motivate, can coach, there's many things you can do, right?  So by saying the problems I'm trying to solve is this one. It's like you put a magnet in the middle of a circle of compasses.  It's just everything makes sense. It doesn't look like you're just sticking skills. Oh, yeah, I'm learning this skill because this skill is useful for it to solve this problem, right?  And that's been helpful to me. Like for instance, for the longest time, I think I've changed it recently on my home page.  But for the longest time, my thing was I want to figure out how creative, contrarian, clever people can make a living outside of corporate structures.  But the thing is... Like, was the thing I was noodling on a lot, but there's a lot of people that actually get on with it and figure out how to do it.  And I was like, yeah, I don't think that's exactly the thing I'm trying to do. I think the thing I'm trying to do is less about making a living, is more about being seen and people understanding the thing that you do.  Because if you're an expert, you can be very isolating. You know the Cassandra thing? You can see the future of your own domain and nobody gets it, it's  annoying.  Like you say, yeah, this is what's going to happen with so-and-so. And you are like a specialist at pipe fittings, doesn't matter.  People, yeah, sure. And then there's a huge crash on the pipe fitting industry. you're like, I told you guys.  Yeah. So this is first thing. Thinking about the problems.

36:00 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  I could just I could I could just I could hear what this person was saying I could hear what this person was saying and I could tell where the miscommunication was happening and I would just act like a translator I would say Lucas is saying this is what he means and to rock you're saying this and this is what you mean and this Lucas this what he's trying to say and they'd be like yes, so I could just I just could do that I knew how to I could understand what people were trying to say and what was getting in their way from Communicating how to actually say it the way they wanted to And then you know that also happened in terms of like tone of voice and and like you know I had understood I could see where communication went wrong and I couldn't I it could help people fix it So that's kind of been since I started my career.  That's been like as a coach That's been my main focus whether that has been presentation skills or like interpersonal conflict I've done a lot of that work like conflict management, you know negotiation that sort of thing or The fact that we don't share our personal stories and that really interests me now is like I don't  I don't trust you until I hear your story, you know, that's the crazy thing is like you know, I Was aware of your content and I saw you think but I just now you occupy the space in my mind that that I just I get you I feel like I feel like I know why you do why you care I know about your wife and her work and I have this file folder in my head of everything that you that you're doing and Now I'm like, yeah.  Oh, that's sure. I like yeah totally. What do you need? Like, you know, let me hook you up You know, that's that's just this thing that happens and so my thesis is basically like You know, we need to we need to start telling each other our stories Sooner because we don't each other is human when we meet each other as fully human And and if we can start to humanize ourselves by owning our stories and putting them up front I think a lot of communications problems will be solved That part of the problem is I'm trying to solve too many problems with this one device rather than like Switching around or focusing on the main problem  do you know what I mean? Yes, yes.

38:04 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So the thing of being, I've worked for my own for a long time, and then during COVID, it was not the time thing just happened.  I was lucky. I started doing the project management thing working inside companies. So for the longest time, I didn't have workmates.  And when I got inside of those companies, I remember making like a conscious effort like, let's use this as a social gym for me to learn to be, you know, more, you know, better with people.  And I think that I've made a lot of mistakes, like, you know, trying to assuming that if what you say makes sense, people will like it and people will know where they're wrong and all of these, like, autistic things.  But one of the things that I've noticed was this gave me an opportunity to get like a new batch of friends, like new friends.  And these friends, we started a relationship at a different stage of my ability, right? So it's funny that these friends are much more recent.  But we are so much more open, like it's a bunch of guy friends. And we are very vulnerable, not like not therapy talk is just like.  And it's amazing how I can't get to that with my childhood friends. Yeah, no way. And sometimes I'm like, man, I've known you for 30 years.  Let's, you know, and you can't. You can only repeat the same stories from when you were in like seventh grade or something.  always a backup of that. But I think what helped me and just to wrap it up is like, I've tried to.  I didn't know that this was the thing, but I've tried to be weird first. And I'll say which. before all the people, like I'll make jokes about, don't know, partying, know, whatever.  Yeah, this is a bad example. No, great. It's perfect.

40:11 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  And people are like, then they, you know, it works.

40:15 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  They're like, oh, yeah, yeah, I'm at ease with this guy. Yeah. Yeah.

40:21 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  So that's, and that's kind of, so the book I'm working on is called Story First. I don't think it's a great name, but it's based on that idea, which is what does it mean to put Story First in your life?  And what does it mean to understand a primary story is to everything? And part of that is sharing your story first, because someone's got to go first.  And if you do it first, there's amazing benefits to that. Yeah. And so that's part of my thesis as well, is like, I notice when I open up with my story, then other people start to open up, and then I get this amazing connection.  the story that I'm that I already believe in in my life, or it's much harder to believe something. Yeah, somebody comes to me and it's like, you know, I've got a project that's going to prove the earth is flat.  Then I just go, I'm not listening. I'm sorry. I just don't believe you. And, you know, you'd have to work really hard to get me to pay attention.  And but in general, that's how we all work is that like, until you understand that everybody's just seeing the world to their own stories, it's really hard to connect.  And it's really hard to understand people and figure out how to reach them. so yeah, that's kind of the idea I'm playing with.  But again, I feel like I'm I feel like I've got a lot of solutions. And I'm missing, I'm missing main problem that I can kind of focus around.  I mean, Feynman had 12. So maybe I can just maybe I can take it.

42:48 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  yeah, you know, Tiago Forte, build a second brain. Oh, yes.

42:55 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  Yeah, yeah.

42:56 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  There's there's a blog article on his on his blog about the Feynman problems. It's the one that I usually, because it's not a very famous thing.  You will find a lot more about Feynman learning method. So that's a good place to look into.

43:12 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  I saw his like notion thing, the AI notion kind of thing that he did on YouTube, I think.

43:20 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Oh, I did. I haven't followed for a while. Yeah, he has like a 58 minute long YouTube video.

43:26 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  And I saw it and I was like, oh my God, I need this. And then of course I, you know, never thought about it again.

43:33 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  There's a workshop exercise that maybe you know, but if you don't maybe find it interesting, which is the fake press release, the future press release.  know that? No. When you're starting to work with a group of people at the start, maybe not the first thing, but maybe in the starting section, you ask them to get a fake first page thing of a newspaper of when they'll...

44:00 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  they have been successful yeah and awesome so they start telling the story before they go through the thing and you know I think you get to the point of the exercise I think it's Amazon that does this for a lot I used to do this for launching new products yeah just make this case but also make the story case so to say yeah and that's I mean that's perfect that's it is like I know I have such a clear idea in my head that storytelling is the solution and like storytelling and communication and understanding that sort of stuff is so key to solving so many interpersonal problems that we have but I find myself you know I find it difficult what I'm doing is I'm starting with my solution and I'm trying to see who wants it and I haven't quite found like the scalable problem to focus that magnet on as you're saying like where do I where do I put my magnet and go okay at least for the next year or so this  This who I'm talking to, this is who I'm focused on, and I'm solving this problem for them.

45:07 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, that's what I'm at now, but yeah. I get it, I get it. The way I've been thinking about this, I'm not sure if I've been like super successful in applying it, but the way I've been thinking about this is kind of the beach head approach, who can I help like right now?  Yeah. That I can get some reps in, for instance, I'm aiming more at agencies right now, and I don't think that necessarily agencies are the best for workshops.  I think a boutique consulting would be better. But agencies, they're more visible online, and they'll just say they're at agency, and the boutique consultants, I think they're more, you know, harder to find, so to say.  Referral based, Yeah, maybe, like they too, Very different things, very weird things. It's difficult to group them. Maybe there's a skill issue on my side.  Maybe this is something I can get better. But anyway, I've been thinking about the agency thing, not because I think agencies are like the best for me.  I think it's good enough. But because I figured that there's enough of them that I can get some reps in and I know more of these studies and so on.  But treating it as a bit of a beach head, right? So yes. And for communication, I figured that it must be really difficult to choose to focus on one thing and not other things, right?  Yeah, because it's widely applicable.

46:49 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  And then it basically becomes about who wants it the most. I mean, I think the thing I'm focusing on right now, I just hired an EA.  I don't know if you saw my post, but... I hired an EA. It's been amazing because she just happens to be awesome.  So I'm doing a bunch of cold outreach on LinkedIn And we're getting a really good like a 37 percent response rate from corporate for this story first workshop and um A lot of who's actually are the vps of sales And so kind of for me.  I'm thinking that might be the beach I even though like part of me just still has a thing about sales.  I think it's gross I think it's manipulative and blah blah blah, you know, it's  for my childhood my parents were and Basically communists and so that I'm still I'm still unpacking a lot of that stuff about money is evil and sales people and yeah but um But I still you know, I also like I much rather work with somebody who's selling themselves because I know that like You know, I know they believe like I know that they're not selling  because they you know It's themselves and they care about it rather than helping somebody sell some like tech tool that they don't really care about And maybe nobody needs and blah blah blah, but I am looking at sales as the beach  Right now, just because I go, if I can just increase sales conversions by teaching sales leaders and their reps to tell personal stories, be vulnerable, be transparent, be human, be honest, if I can just do that with them, teach them my framework, have them, you know, do some role playing, have them apply it, and then create some case studies, then I can kind of go from there.  And then once I have the validation, then it can be easier to kind of, you know, so I think who I'm looking at right now.  I would love I'd love to like, also, yeah, so for you, you said you're looking for, you're looking for agencies, consult, like, who, what are these agencies, consulting agencies, or no, design agencies, what were the type of agencies you're looking for?

48:45 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, like marketing agencies, design agencies, mostly marketing agencies, I would say.

48:50 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  And you'll help them, you'll help them deliver workshops, like, like deliver what they do as a workshop, basically? A part of it, yes.

49:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It's of what they do as a workshop. my main thesis on this is, so the world is more complex, it's very difficult now to just arrive at the client, tell them what to do or do it for them.  A lot of times decisions they get clogged up on context, like context is, I think it was always like this, but before we could ignore it and now we cannot.  And when you were working in their context, you need to work in a different way, which is like coaching, right?  However, coaching is a much more subtle thing and it's difficult to train people to do coaching. think I've had some coaching training and I think coaching is really, really valuable, but it also feels, I think for people feeling the pressure, like, oh yeah, I need to train your tech team to act as coaches.  I don't think that that will be easy to sell. But I think workshops, they mix both project management and coaching.  They have like the, they adapt to the context but they have a structure. And I think workshops are a very good way for agencies and consulting companies to start to have this more participatory thing, collaborative, doing, I use the expression shoulder to shoulder work instead of face to face.  And I think workshops are very good for that. And that's why I'm trying to.

50:18 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  Sorry, Dindra, but this is for them to train their teams internally or to present to their clients or prospects or externally.  Got it. Thank you for the question.

50:31 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It's for them to convert some steps of their process, which might be messy into a more much more packaged workshop that, know, but to your definition of workshop, which I think was a very good one, like there's always something as an outcome, right, not just talking or hugging.  There's an outcome. Yeah.

50:53 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  And so that's it.

50:54 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So the idea is to sell the service of transforming part of their processes into workshops, productizing with workplaces. Gotcha.

51:04 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  So by productizing, that means external facing generally, right? Yes, generally, yes, yes.

51:10 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, OK, gotcha.

51:11 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  Yeah, because to me, that's a big, I find that's a big distinction when I'm pitching is like, yeah, the distinguishing between internal facing stuff and external facing stuff.  the KPIs are so different, the tone can very often be really, really different. And so that's one thing that I think is really, really important to make clear.  And that sounds awesome. mean, obviously, you know, I'm on board with that sort of thing because that's I think it's so, the workshops are so powerful.  But yeah, I'd love to be able to also like, yeah, offer, be able to point you in the direction of like potential clients and stuff.  And this gives me a really good idea of what you, what you offer. And yeah, I just, I feel like we have so much we're so aligned and have so much in common.  I want to do more with you. I don't know how to do it, but I like, I want to get on a podcast.  or something, I want to do something where we can like, you know, get some ideas flowing as well. I'm game.  I feel the same way.

52:08 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, cool.

52:10 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  I'm trying, you know, I always say this, but soon it's going to be much more important. I'm trying to get my podcast going again.  I did like 30 episodes during the pandemic and had such a fun with it. And then, you know, gave it up when other stuff got in the way.  But what I'd love to do is I'm exploring also doing LinkedIn lives more as well, because I've those are good.  So maybe there's something we can do there where we can just dive into like, why is a workshop so  awesome?  why this thing, this vehicle for ideas? Why do we love it so much and what are the benefits? I feel like you'll have so much to bring to that.  So maybe that's the next step, as we do a LinkedIn live and just talk.

52:49 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, I've never done them. I'd like to. Okay. That's thank you. That's a nice.

52:56 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  Yeah, I think it's something I keep hearing people. Like in the know on on LinkedIn growth and audience building and trust building and all that stuff They're like LinkedIn live is to do.  I think also LinkedIn pushes them nowadays So it's like you do one and it just tells everybody that you're doing it And so it's an easier to get eyeballs on it and and stuff like that and then you have it recorded after you're done It's almost like a podcast You know, okay, great.

53:22 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I can take responsibility for for figuring that out and I'll just send you an invite for like I'll send you a couple dates and you tell me like if you're good with that Okay Yeah, I was I was thinking about How I could be you know helpful to you Given the the things that you've shared in terms of the challenges you have and Right now I See anything much very specific, but I do I do see the same the same thing you see which is

55:00 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  Yeah, us just kind of on stuff and seeing what comes up. And I think, yeah, so as far as I'm concerned, that's all, that's all, you know, that that's interesting to me for now.

55:11 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  yeah, to me as well, to me as well, because I also, just to wrap it up, because I mean, I have the time, if you don't, yeah, the book is in that direction, and I need to to see if the book makes sense outside of my head, right?  Yeah, it makes sense in my head. Yeah. And I can tell you some stuff and I would like to do the better reading in a kind of a structured way, so that, you know, there's the learning conversations and the teaching conversations, maybe further the system from the right, useful books book.  No, it's really good. It's a really good book. I recommend it.

55:48 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  Almost immediately because I'm working on my next book and I feel very stuck. So I think that could be super useful.  It's very useful.

55:55 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It's in the name in the label useful books. Yeah, so there's two kinds of conversations. learning conversations and teaching conversations and, you know, I get benefits from both and I want to have both and I want to do it in a way that's also, you know, advantageous for the people that are helping me.  That's awesome.

56:16 - William Greenblatt (outloudnow.com)
  Yeah, and I think the other thing too is that one thing that's always in my mind is as I'm building up my relationships to event planners, one thing that they often find very valuable is speakers with a good network of other speakers.  So, for example, like if there's something that I feel like is more of your alley or like I can't do it because I'm, you know, busy or something like that.  If I can just be like, you know, or somebody's in Brazil, like, and let's say, are you near like Sao Paulo or Bel Horizonte or one hour airplane to Sao Paulo, maybe two hour airplane to Bel Horizonte.  Okay, so like, for example, if something's there, then like, I see a lot of benefits in like building out my my speakers.  work as well and so that's another way we can potentially collaborate is like you know people who need a good workshop facilitator about workshops or something like you know we could we can recommend each other um yeah awesome i'm just i'm happy to just keep exploring what's here i think you know there's so much so much potential so yeah this is fun this was fun yeah totally and if you have questions about workshops you can just send a voicemail on linkedin whatever it is and yeah i think i think i might bug you with a couple questions soon about um yeah about productizing the workshops themselves because i'm starting these corporate uh entities and i would love a sense of like is the way that i'm going about the the the proposals or the or the pitch is that properly illuminating what we're actually talking about here with them so i might send you a couple dms on linkedin oh i'd to okay uh this is great yeah and thanks for sending it out okay see you again have a nice one bye