---
title: 27 minute chat - Alan Doherty
date: '2025-04-11T14:45:00.000000Z'
duration: 27m
participants:
- João
- Alan Doherty
source: https://fathom.video/calls/273895440
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:05:15.773808+00:00'
---

27 minute chat - Alan Doherty - April 11
VIEW RECORDING - 42 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/xfMEYZXNFTs95_xxeVi5N-KYdx5UkeG4

---

0:00 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  going on yeah I mean my my favorite thing recently is just how well Claude can understand scribbles on a whiteboard or in my notebook and just take them and transcribe them it's it's incredible because I've been using this for a few years I go away I come back I go away I come back and this time it's kind of it just works you mean like OCR of your notes yeah yeah sort of OCR yeah I mean I've been around for a while my first experience with anything like this was do you remember palm pilots yeah I think I have one in the attic in my house which is kind of like going to be my retirement fund if it still works on the charger still in the box but you know you could really you could re-teach yourself how to write in a way that the machine would understand which was like trying to learn to write at school again because there was only specific things with that little stylus and you lose the stylus and you've got to go by doing all that stuff whereas now I just write with anything on any surface  For a certain period of time and then somebody else would be coming in so you had to get everything off the walls You know, you couldn't leave all those post-its on the walls.  So it became really good at documenting everything just At one point we got this great thing we was like a late evening workshop it went later later on into the evening and There were quite high-level participants and they were gonna have drinks in the lobby You know, there's a kind of a little area where we're gonna have snacks and glasses of wine at the end of the workshop Uh-huh, and we were all getting stuck in and I went.  Oh, I have something in the In the workshop area So I went back to get my whatever it was pen phone glasses something Mm-hmm.  I found one of the managing directors who'd been participating in the workshop I almost walked into the door and I just stopped for a second.  I just looked in the door before I went So he didn't know I was there. Mm-hmm was going around there was  a huge workshop with about, you know, hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of post-its for things. And he was just going around and going...

3:10 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Why?

3:12 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  Selective ones that he wanted that thought he thought were a really good idea. was just putting them in his pocket for a chance to take a picture of them.  it's like, very high level kind of individual. had to go in and basically use my bosses, bosses boss. He wouldn't say, do you mind...?  I won't tell anyone, but I'm just going to take a picture of these before you take them off because, yeah, they're really good ideas.  He's just very, very annoyed with me. Really? He was hoping to get, he was because I'm keeping these ideas for myself, how they make it into the output deck...  Oh! Okay. It's the first I've ever called somebody doing that.

3:51 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Oh my god, that's okay. Okay, that's the different level. So when he first told me the story, I assumed malicious

4:00 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  tent but like sensory like I don't want these ideas to be um I thought it was part of the group no he was doing the good ones for himself yeah yeah oh my god he didn't have them shared he was going to develop those on his own when he went back to the states oh I think I think I'm so naive this was like when you see someone at a different level that that never occurred to me but makes a lot of sense well I've done a lot of workshops in what you might call a kind of a hostile environment where people just don't do workshops they're not into it they're financial services people they just want to be in a meeting or they're comfortable with spreadsheets and memos and telling people to just do stuff um so I've had a lot of boot camp in an area where you know people were a little suspicious they weren't the most trusting and and uh they would try stuff like that which was hilarious you know some of the ideas some of the things oh I think I think you need to share these on LinkedIn and whatever I mean it's it's

5:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  really great, interesting idea, the workshops in hostile environments.

5:06 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. The interesting one was there was a, there was a guy who sort of trained me, he was sort of sort of teaching us, he was teaching me more how to be in the bank, in an organization like Citibank.  And he was okay as a workshop facilitator, but he was more a bank person who'd just done a course, you know, I came from a design background, I was more comfortable with working like this in this kind of free workshoppy way.  And there was one quite a contentious workshop, there was a particular problem around payments, and we had payments experts and we had developers and they couldn't agree about something.  And my boss, this guy who was mentoring me was there. And I was running the workshop, he was at the back of the room.  And these two participants, one of them was sketching something on a whiteboard and another person came up and just went, no, no, no, no, no, doesn't go like that at all.  but this is not how the payment flow works. Started kind of taking the marker, the sharpie of somebody and writing their own thing.  I said, no, no, no, no, no, give me that back here. That's not like that at all. like this.  I thought it was fantastic because they were actually really solving the thing in real time. Everybody else in the room was sitting back.  These two were awesome subject matter experts but coming from different ends of the problem. Yeah. The magic they were making, this solution happened.  And all of a sudden I was, I just thought, this is going really well. We're gonna have, we're gonna actually solve this.  This isn't a breakthrough. Wow. And I think this guy came up to me from the back of the room and he just whispered to me where nobody else could hear.  just said, you're losing control of the participants. You need to take back control of the workshop. Assert your command of the workshop.  Tell them to sit down. And I'm like, oh my God. Wow. Complete a different philosophy to me. I'm like, okay, these guys are really like, I can see the sparks flying.  There's inspiration and it has entered the room. It's like the Holy Spirit's in the building these guys are going out, we're going to have a payment solution.  And this guy was like, you know, we're supposed to be moving on to the, you know, next icebreaker session.  Dude, seriously, so I let it go. And he gave me a piece of his mind afterwards. It was just like, you know, so lots of those background stories about, you know, those kind of behaviors.  Interesting. It's very interesting.

7:29 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It's very interesting. I think, really, I think that if you have those stories, a lot of people will, I suspect will, will like seeing them because I think, okay, so this might be a good segue into my perspective on workshops.  So you are an expert, you've seen this, and you know this, that the whole workshop way of working kind of emerged when  people were making advancements in cybernetics and complex systems and they needed new tools to think about this stuff right.  And so it didn't start so the whole idea of you know collaboration getting people to participate and make it it's inviting was a way of getting a result was not the point of the thing right and I feel and other people have expressed similar feelings that sometimes workshops people it's like an expert people they see the fun part and they think the workshops are fun part right and I think that's a really wasted opportunity because workshops work because there's like it's more than feel good vibes and these things you're sharing these stories they're very I mean recognizable as oh yeah maybe I haven't believed this but I can I can see this happening and I think it's a good counterpoint to you know the bubble  happy, workshoppy. Everyone's opinion is valid. It is up to a point or some people don't know more about this thing than this.  So I would love to see that, I think, for sure.

9:13 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  Yeah, Pixel, we used to call them posted parties. Let's have a posted party. Let's just do that. no, I mean, I think this is really interesting.  this is, I think this is what we're doing today, kind of dialogue, I think would be good. From my perspective, what I think I'd like to get out of this is just to try and get your perspective on this stuff that I know I know, but I haven't made explicit.  I'm out there like lots of other people. left city in 2021. Everything was changing because of COVID, you know, all of that.  And my family circumstances were changing. Everything was changing. We had some challenges just, you know, housewise in the house in the family.  So, you know, like a lot of people different. So from 21 to 24, three years was like roller coaster.  Yeah, same. But I had a great network. So I ended up doing a lot of things. I was busy.  But there was absolutely no shape to it. I had that thing, which you I think this resonates with a lot of your posts.  So I had this thing where people would say, What are you doing? What do you do? And I go, Well, you know, this week, I'm doing this thing for this guy.  You know, I'm designing a website. I'm running a massive webinar. I'm, you know, in putting into this sustainability conference.  I've got this thing going on. And there was no second bite. There was no real way I could kind of put a brand or a wrapper around the expertise.

10:48 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I love the idea of a wrapper.

10:50 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  And I've been I've been kind of coming from this, like I've been working for a long time. And I worked in digital agencies.  And, you know, the beginnings of everything the beginning the 90s. You know the beginnings of web, beginnings of mobile, beginnings of agile because you have to design for the browser, all this stuff.  But I kept, my career is kind of like a sequence of things that I've done, but it you know it's very hard to to make a shape of it.  So I've made it this year 2025 and I think I'm doing okay with this, is to try and make things more packageable.  And so what is it that I've done? What did I do that? Is there stuff that I've been doing for the last couple of decades?  It's the same thing. You know what do I do? I go into a room, there's a technical person, there's a business person, there's a client, there's a product person and I generally, I'm the first one on my feet to start drawing stuff around.  I start throwing phrases in that maybe seeds people's brains and we're calling it, you know, you know, we're calling it Uber for cats or whatever it is.  I'm the first person that kind of gives you, gives the thing a shape, know, and that's coming from a used design thinking.  And I use workshops and sprints and all these things. basically, before I knew about those things, that's what I was doing.  So it's trying to make these things that I do. What is it that I do and name? There's a great quote that if you can't describe what you're doing as a process, then you don't have a process.  What's been a process? And a couple of things have helped. Last year, I got the opportunity to lecture. I was able to do guest lecturing.  At the Dublin City University, it's a big business school. I don't know if it's good one. I did the lecture in innovation and insights to master students who are really smart.  I had to sit there and figure out how to teach these people who already had some work experience, who were already in a job, who already had a good business degree in general.  A degree, whatever business, international business, had to teach them how to do the stuff. And I knew it, but I had never taught it before.  So now, suddenly, unpacking. That's the whole idea of okay I should I should just get better at packaging. Yeah let's let me to your posts and let's let us to this conversation and I hope this is kind of relevant because I've been I've been I've been hugging the microphone a little bit here but I'm hoping to kind of just you know plan some seeds with you just in a constructive way to see can you find roots into what you want to get out of these conversations from what I'm what I'm setting up for you if you know what I mean.

13:25 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah no thank you I think this context is really really valuable. So just to make sure I get everything.  So the first thing that the thing that you've mentioned that the trouble of packaging up what we do while being very good at helping others express their you know vague ideas is kind of a is a kind of a vexing problem right this is at least to myself it makes me feel like  I mean, it's something I'm also working on. I really, it's not even, empathize is not even the right word.  think like I feel that because that's a very familiar feeling. And on that note, the way I've been thinking about this, there's like a few.  So let me go to the end and say, I think it would be valuable for me to help you to act as like a sparring partner for helping you express is implicit expertise you have and turn that into tangible things.  doing that would be valuable to me.

14:44 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  That's what you've said at your store, your intention to do on LinkedIn. And I think you've done it in a very just accessible way.  Oh, thank you. You know, I think I'll lead. a local workshop under and a community. call it Innovate Island.  You'll see it in progress. We've got people from everywhere. You're welcome. You're welcome to join. We have people from Singapore, we have people from India, we've got people from Trinidad and Tobago, probably the closest geographically to you.  Oh no, we've got from Argentina who's joining us for lunch and learn next week. But there's a couple of hundred people.  It's like a circle community, which I started during COVID with one of my buddies from the north of Ireland.  And, you know, we have a lot of people who self-identify as innovators, who have a job title of innovation, or who are students of it, who are professors of it.  You know, it's a good mixed bag, some very authoritative people there. But one thing I do know is that we have a lot of people who would be maybe towards the a little ADHD, a little good at, you know, picking up ideas, concepts.  They're good with words, they're good with concepts. But they're terrible with their own management of their own careers We got a lot of people who go corporate and then solo and then corporate and then solo You know, we've got a lot of those people within the community.  I'm one of the things I'll fit right in Yeah, yeah, I think you possibly would yeah, because it's one of those things where people go in You know, they're linked.  You can tell by their LinkedIn, you know, yeah They're you know one minute there ahead of innovation design city bank the next minute their alum Doherty kitchen table enterprises limited, you know, and that's the whole career is is just that roller coaster There's lots of those people.  I think there are people who I come across all the time I'm chatting away on this LinkedIn or zoom call or whatever and they go, yeah Well, when I was you know leading the engineering division of GE, I'm going, what do you do now?  I'm kind of like a life coach and a mentor and I have a couple of clients to do this for and then I lecture, you know, they're People who don't fit in I would love to kind of just industrialize what you  you're doing which is trying to help those people explain what they do so they can get like a lot further in what they're doing because a lot of the time you know you get to a certain age in a certain career stage you know you need to be earning a certain amount of money you got a certain amount of your kids are costing you money your house is costing you money the cost of living is costing you money yeah you know whatever i'm lucky but other people might have divorces and all these other things to worry about you know um but it's just it becomes really difficult to see all of that huge expertise and there is a ton of people who have been laid off yeah it's a ton of people who are transitioning in their careers and they have no clue how to do this yeah you know they've no clue and they're posting pictures of themselves like you know AI generated action figures hoping that it'll make them relevant a little bit and i'm going to do please stop yeah yeah no i i know what you mean um

18:01 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  on different levels because that has been my career. I think it's interesting you mentioned the ADHD. I also think that neurodivergence is rampant in these groups, I am neurodivergent.  And I don't say this as, you know, it's just putting it out in the open and not. And.

18:23 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  also me, I came to this quite late. have a 15 year old teenager who was doing really strange at school, know, consistently inconsistent.  So he got a diagnosis. And when I was going through that with him, I just went, oh, hang on.  Yeah. Wait. So yes, I completely recognize that today, but I think it's central to a lot of the conversations that you have.  It's good to have an understanding or a appreciation of that. Yeah.

18:49 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah. I mean, what you've described this, I think it's a very common pattern parents figuring out later because, you know, now schools are more prepared to notice these things.  But yeah. Absolutely I mean I know exactly what you mean in terms of those struggles in that audience So I think that's your ICP basically right People who have great expertise who have certain kind of superpowers, but who are under under Underperforming I guess in in in marketing miss price Yeah You know that that's that's an interesting take because For for One of the things that's helped me the most in terms of describing or trying to describe what I do is Have you heard of the Feynman problems Feynman problems?

19:47 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  As a Richard Feynman. Yes the physicist. Yeah.

19:50 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah Because a lot of people hear about his learning method right the four stages learning method, but it's less You see one doing teach one.

19:59 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  Yes. Yes

20:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  But there's less people talking about the the problems and that idea was really transformative for me Which is like okay, so which things I'm trying to address right and to me if you're learning about that was really powerful because it gave me like a Magnetic Gravity well to pull all the different skills into pointing into that since this is why I had these different skills right because I'm trying to answer this question and And and for the longest time, maybe not the ones but for a while What I had on my website like I'm trying to figure out how creative contrarian clever people can make a living outside of corporate environments But then one of the things that I've realized was that you know This is not necessarily an unsolved problem some people have figured these outs and It's just that the answer is a bit annoying, but we need to get better at marketing so it's not a  That hasn't been answered. It has been answered a hundred percent.

21:04 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  Yeah, I just to add in case you haven't already come across it There's another Strand to this and somebody who I haven't necessarily jumped in but I'm aware of a lady called Shannon Lucas Have you come across?  I got to know through John Morley actually who I think you also are aware of I've spoken to like for two hours this Friday.  Yeah, and John and I used to tease John We've never met physically in person, but John and I I think we were separated at birth because we have we look like we've We've got the same LinkedIn profile picture Black and white guy with with it with a black t-shirt, you know black and white bold shot But I've chatted with John a few times these friends of lots of people I know over here But he put into the study Shannon Lucas is her name She runs a thing called catalyst constellation in the catalyst community and what she she's got a book about it I heard her interviewed on it on a good podcast  And that whole Catalyst community, it sounds exactly what you've just described as a creative, clever, contrarian person and she said that I can spot them from their LinkedIn just like we were talking about, know, the person who goes, well, you know, I'm leading something for this huge corporate, I'm in charge of something from Mastercard or Cisco or Oracle and then like I'm life coach living out of my car, kind of, hopefully not, but you Yeah, the whole work identity is, and also I think, I don't know how you feel about this, but we've started this conversation talking about, you know, the Palm pilot and how much generations of technology you've experienced.

22:47 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Well, that's another way of saying it, but I mean, this was mostly my perspective into this is like, of course, our expectations of everything I, I should  it by our environment, right? And the technology and the kind of things we interact with shape this, of course.  So I think I remember when blogs were coming up and there was this sense that you could just start writing online and people would find you.  And some of the people like we follow today and that we care about today are people that they've been playing this game for a while, where the ROI was amazing, like Seth Godin, Gray, you know, these guys have been doing this for a while.

23:35 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  Tim Ferriss. Tim Ferriss, exactly, exactly.

23:40 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And I think perhaps a little bit of our expectations, even if we didn't act on this insight, like, oh, yeah, writing online is good.  Even if we didn't act on it, or as consistently as they did, I'm coming to terms with the idea that maybe this shaped my expectations of.

24:00 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  um people will find you and just do good work and people will find you and I think now the well I I think 100 right yeah you don't get you don't get the clients you deserve you get the clients you negotiate you know you have to market to I don't think it comes to you I don't think if you build it they will come I've seen you know too many really really good really really clever people just just sitting there going why is the phone not ringing you know why why did I why did this not work out you know so I think I don't I think you have to make your own luck for sure for sure I think we both know you know you said creative clever contrarian I think we all know you know non imaginative unimaginative sort of slightly stupid really made middle of the road mainstream people who do really really well because they're they have no shame about marketing themselves and doing and pushing themselves forward look at you know the entire North American administration  So, you know, these are people who have reached the pinnacles of success and the billionaires and oligarchs and all those things, but they're not, you know, we could all do that if we were shameless enough.  So yeah, the good guys don't necessarily just come out on top because people go, you're amazing. We're going to just throw money at you.  You got to just negotiate. They'll take it for free if they get it. For sure. sure. Be better at everything.

25:27 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And I think this point you've made, I think connects with the second part of my answer about the ICP.  Yeah. I do identify with that tribe, but I don't think it's a good ICP. So, yeah, I think you get what I mean.  And there was post from Nick Hemwitz today.

25:51 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  Uh-huh. Yeah. About nose and tunnels. Well, there was one of those, there was, I think it was another one from Nick about growth.  You know if you're posting about growth all the time you don't you won't necessarily get clients You'll get other people exactly like you who won't pay you any money, but want to find out how to grow You know this kind of yeah, you attract peers slash competitors and not people who You know, you don't feel it.  You don't feel a gap for them They're like you they just you're just you're just a couple of chapters ahead of them in the book And they want to know how you do it.

26:26 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah Exactly now for sure and one of things that I think One of things that I think that helps, you know tamping down on that is to really Take the marketing approach like the pain points when we're talking to and so I mean Actually, the point is that you and I we are agreeing on so many so many things and we are like in such sync I'm trying to think like how can we get like the most out of this conversation which isn't just  when I say yes, you know, because I love that and we're very well, so I'm thinking like where are we maybe not in agreement or maybe we don't see the things in the same way.  You need to figure that out, but which is like sometimes I start looking outside the frame like how to do this.  So basically, so let me tell a little bit of my perspective on how I came to workshops for consultants.  Can I just close the door for a second? You can, yeah, yeah, absolutely. Okay, so I went to school for design, industrial design, did like, you know, projects at school with companies and I didn't realize it then, working with companies was a very good formative thing.  Eventually, I am Portuguese, but I live Brazil. I got a job in Brazil to work in innovation consulting. this was in 2013, early 2020.  So design thinking was arriving in Brazil, were talking about design thinking and digital transformation, all of these things. And, you know, workshops are useful for that.  And I got into that and to that company was good. And then I met my wife. My wife lived in a different city in Brazil.  And we got married and I quit a job and started something else. So to your point of like, what's exactly the thing that I do, right?  And this is like a daily. It's one of those processes that's always running. And I was like, what do I do?  do I do? And I did visual facilitation for like four years, maybe I still do it sometimes. And then I went into product management, which is also kind of an interstitial  little kind of job, because it stays between areas. And that was good. But then I've been through one layoff.  And I was at another company. This was during COVID. I was very lucky during COVID, because I got this.  I was working independently. then I got jobs, like with a contract, full time, benefits during COVID. And as COVID was ending, I left that.  So that was really lucky.

29:32 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  I'm still listening to you. Let me slide off camera for one second. I've got a dog who is stuck in the bathroom again.  I have a cat. no worries.

29:43 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And so I felt a second layoff coming. I didn't want to give them the pleasure. And the severance would have been good financially.  But I think emotionally, I was not at that stage. And I just said, you know what?  it. I'm not.  And a few months later, they did have a series of layoffs. I think the pattern recognition was on point.  But then this was the 2023 and I was like, okay, what do I do now? So I activated my network.  guys, I'm free. I'm doing things. I'm out there. And I got a little bit of, I got dribbled by, you know, like in the soccer match, like, oh, there's this work and oh, there's more work.  And then I got in and it was only that work and not more work. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, but I understand it was a difficulty for a lot of people.  And I was like, okay, what do I do, right? And for a second or more than a second, I thought about maybe I should be like a one man product studio.  So this was before vibe voting and so on. And I don't know how to program. And I started to do like little things, but none of them were like business worthy.  None of them would really stick. And one of the things that I, at some point I'm like I need to be more legible.  Being legible has been like a big thing in my career and I think I went into product management kind of as a as a play to have a legible career to get opportunities.  And then I realized what do I do what's the thing I'm doing all the time and my wife she she has her own company which is also a consulting company around corporate compliance and inevitably she started doing workshops right because corporate compliance there's a lot of you know aspects about culture or changing old people solve things or you know you know exactly what I mean.  So she started running workshops because I was teaching her and creating our own workshops and it was like I'm I'm really good at this I really like this not just the workshop because I was not running the workshops mostly sometimes I did but like converting the expertise into a workshop right and I was like I think I think that's that's the thing I do.  And sorry for the story going all the way back to Big Bang, but you know, that's interesting And if we can have these regular things, it's good to get the backstory before you.

32:08 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  Yeah, it's relevant.

32:10 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So and then I Join like Dave Gray's School of the Possible for like a message on LinkedIn to Dave Gray saying hey man Maybe these out of the blue.  I think you're kind of what I want to be when I grow up I would love to chat and that was that open a few conversations And then I kept realizing I think my thing is these workshops for expertise not just workshops with workshops for experts that have these things to talk about and So I've been talking about that for roughly a year a little bit more than a year now Learning how to talk about that right and At this stage right now  I'm trying to actively move into serving companies with a budget, not like B2B, not B2C.

33:12 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  So that's what I'm trying to do.

33:13 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'm trying to do it together with, you know, being known in the agency space and so on. These things take time, as you know.  But that's where I am right now. And basically what I do, most of my clients so far have been like Indies or Solos.  And that's kind of a comfortable space for me in terms of serving that client. But I think it's a difficult client to close.

33:51 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  There's not like a set stages for the process or whatever. They don't really have a budget for you.

34:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I understand yeah and I understand and have a huge sense of agency like people are like I'll learn this and Even if they don't want to do it, they end up being a bit of dire kicking people Not not maliciously, but just I understand because I've done this as well and So I'm trying to shift into more like real businesses so say And to serve these real businesses My working theory is that I can't sell on vibes.  I cannot sell unlike I'm a nice guy talk to I need to sell in a much more structured way Which led me to maybe I need to write a book, you know And the book itself is an exercise It's very very meta because the book is about helping people translate their expertise into workshops And I'm translating my expertise of doing that into the book Yeah, it's like that.

34:55 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  we mention this online before out college and think about the the rap that's patrick book with you writing a useful book yeah I that's the book that you know prompted this I yeah it's just the whole interface between workshops and writing a book you workshop the book and then you teach this project matter and then you learn for you know it's great it's it's it's a super learning loop yeah yeah and the guy wrote the book on workshop so that's it's crazy yeah um so so that's what am right now um no that's that's great and that's great context for for today now I know you only put us in until a quarter past or whatever I have more time I do need to go in about four minutes because I've got another I've got a 430 call and I probably run downstairs and check that everything nothing's on fire before I run back onto that call because that's gonna be a long one and I've got a client call that I'm trying to land but I think I think this is really interesting like I think from the vibe we've probably got a lot we could share maybe maybe  I don't, we have to think about this and see how this lands, but just between now and maybe the next one of these, let's try to work out some bullet points or an agenda like a structure, not a not a super nerdy agenda, but like things that we could do because we there are are many pleasant rabbit holes we could go down.  I'd love to be more, you know, more in the space of how I could help serve your book project.  I know what I'm doing at the moment I haven't really started posting on LinkedIn and what has held me back up until now has been, well, what would I say?  would I post at which hat would I wear to post? You know, I the FinTech guy? I helping startups get their first funding round guy?  Like I do a lot of that and I'm always kind of thinking, well, I do this in silos. You know, it's like Daredevil is a lawyer by day and a superhero by night.  I do workshops over here for these guys and I'm the college director for these guys and I'm helping. startup over here, but none of the others can know because that's off-brand.  This is kind of weird. Yes, I know, I know. The  algorithm, right?

37:09 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  penalizes you for now.

37:11 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  Well, I just want pull it together and kind of, so I'm turning, okay, this is probably a plot, a plot kind of twist.  So I'll give you this at the end of the call, because you have to wait until next week until you get the big, I'm kidding, I haven't solved this, but this my hypothesis now, I'm teaching lots of innovation related topics at business school, it's great.  It's really helped me to unpack what I know, but this year in particular, I was asked to teach design thinking, specifically the theory and practice from, you know, myDO from before that, and Gene Liedke and all of this stuff through to, you know, now on foundations brands from Jake Knapp and a little bit of AI shading into it.  So that's, So my educational thing has now become around workshops I'm also trying to get out of doing longer engagement with startups who eventually disappoint me by running out of money You know, I helped them with it with a bit I get a day raise and then you know, they are their Crushing burner as they go on Success but don't necessarily, you know, remunerate me for helping them along the little So I'm becoming more brutal with that and sort of trying to make that engagement Also look like workshops and also do a package thing also look I'll run a two-day founder sprinter I'll do it, you know something like that, but just to try and Try and just wrap what I'm doing.  Yeah, so it is time-bound I'm not selling my time necessarily, but I'm selling something that takes a specific runway to deliver package package package You know consulting.  I want to make it look more workshoppy. I want to make it look and that's the only way you can really do more than  8 to 12 for 14 hours a day as a human being, where you can go beyond that without giving up sleep and sanity, is to just make more playbook type material and methods of that material.  So that's what I've been trying to do with all of these different hats that I wear is pick the bits of it that look centrally like it's a workshop.  okay, a workshop is a phrase. I don't want to just be the workshop guy, but what is it? It's creative collaborative engagement.  I facilitate this. I apply it a lens or a framework to it, and then there's an output.

39:39 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And the output shouldn't be just linear.

39:41 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  should be, you know, it should be more than the sum of the parts. There should be a little bit of magic or alchemy or something that's involved in that, you know, the insight, the aha moment, something.  Now, not to be corny about it, it's not showbiz, but, you know, just that there generally is something that you can deliver for people, you know.  But to try and make each of my engagements with all of those people, just to rub down all the differences and make it more similar to one another so that it's easier for me to go, oh, and instead of saying I'm head of innovation design at City, nobody knew what that was, including all the people that paid my wages and all my clients and all the people who worked for me, still didn't have a clue what that job description was.  They wrote the job description for my replacement. It was the same job title, but it a completely different job spec.  So just I'm trying to get rid of that to go, well, I help these guys, the classic sort of, I help these people to do this.  I want to get it down to that a little bit easier. The fishing line, Just for my own, for my own sanity, apart from anything else.

40:45 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, no, I understand. I also, it's the thing. yeah, let's put, let's put you an email after like today and get some next time.  Yeah, look this is really good.

41:01 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  think this could be this could be good timing for both of us If I can hear the sound of what I'm what I'm saying I have spent a lot of time thinking about this stuff, you know Yeah, yeah, and I'm enjoying what you're posting and eventually I will be posting a little bit of knit tuck to get it out there, but when it's out there, I think I've got a Backlog of stuff that I want to say so Yeah, yeah, just today.

41:23 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I finished like the 90 day 90 days everybody's a posting It was just good. I don't want to hold you.  This was great Really great pleasure to meet you Get over it man.

41:37 - Alan Doherty (Novara Labs)
  I'll talk to you soon. Okay. Have a good weekend. Bye.