---
title: Design Sync
date: '2025-01-16T15:00:00.000000Z'
duration: 45m
participants:
- João
- Abbey Lin
source: https://fathom.video/calls/213451881
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:29:12.136668+00:00'
---

Design Sync - January 16
VIEW RECORDING - 68 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/TtbgxhXc8R88FZUzpLnL87VXTJRQgMZN

---

0:23 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, we can hear you, but you're frozen, you're frozen.

0:26 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Okay.

0:37 - Mau
  Hello.

0:39 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  that better?

0:40 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah.

0:41 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Okay. Great. So.

0:46 - Mau
  All right.

0:48 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I'm just looking at some of Romeo's changes.

0:51 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  see that he added some in there.

0:55 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, so I added the, I can start with this.

1:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  I had a call today, we went through the changes that you guys did and we put a couple of comments, I think most of them are minor ones on the Figma and we also agreed, not agreed, but we also checked what's next basically that's priority for I would say development and everything.  So I created three tasks based on that. We can go through them and see if it's clear. I think for two of them, you will need a bit more information.  So I would say that maybe we should go through it today and go through it through the, of course, current progress and what you guys, if you have any other questions and so on.  I think that sounds like a good agenda for this meeting. Good.

1:40 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  We'd like just to close some loops regarding all the questions, but I could get to that at this time.  Yeah, let's do that.

1:51 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, we can do that too.

2:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Hi people.

2:05 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So I'll share my screen for a little while. So you see my screen you see the select. It's.

2:21 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  See the browser.

2:24 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Interesting. Stop sharing share. Okay. Okay. Five years after the pandemic I still do this. Anyway. Okay. So. me see.  There's. This is the first question. I saw that Abby sent a comment but I couldn't really fully understand the response to it.  So I'll just open this. Regarding the checklist from the audit that we discussed yesterday, we've made this quick drafty view of where it would fit inside of the system.  I saw that Abby made these comments, but I'm not sure I understand. Abby, could you perhaps rephrase this?

3:33 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Sorry, my daughter was going out the door, I was trying to talk to her. Sorry, what was the question?

3:42 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Sure, sure. So on this question on the slack, I saw that you've replied, but I couldn't fully understand the reply.

3:50 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Could you maybe rephrase that? So the audit has been made. Yeah, so it's kind of the same comment I just made on the legal register that there are some preset tasks that are going to be, that we want to be able to give them and say, hey, these are your general one to 10 tasks that you should be doing.  So it's very pre-filled. They just need to go in and check what they need to do. But then if they wanted to add a task, then they can add a task to the bottom of it and do that.  Or they can delete a task if they think it's not relevant, but that we pre-fill things for that. But this is for auditing purposes, right?

4:35 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So this is someone external coming in and checking some boxes or this is a completely different story. You're muted if you're speaking.

4:48 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  If this is internal audit, can be either like an internal auditor can be somebody that you assign within the company, or it can be an external person that you're hired to act on an internal audit behalf on you.  They need to be able to check that they've reviewed these things that are typical on the audit before. So when you go to the audit, they can see like, okay, well, there is an internal audit that's also following up on different things.  Okay, understood.

5:14 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So in that sense, I think it can look like the design that was made already for the legal register.  Like if you go like, I think Romeo made a design already for the legal register.

5:32 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  How do you understand this? Can you play the link there?

5:38 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Constantly.

6:17 - Romeu Romeu
  I think this is it, João, we're going start here in the chat. In the chat of the conversation?

6:23 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Let me have a look at this.

6:40 - Romeu Romeu
  This is the one you're describing at the chat. You're muted if you're speaking.

7:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, it's kind of like this where you have prefilled in there and then I had added something on the right saying like add a button that they can delete it if it's if they don't want it relevant in there and then and then add like a button where they can create new ones on it.  And then and then it most likely it wouldn't be like it would be a column on the. Yeah, it could be like even this status, like partially, whatever.  And then the legal requirements. These are the audit points. know, so it could be like, it's like that. There's a document that shows that, you know, these are the things that we want to check.  Here's a blank area where they can write in information. Here's another status that they can say, okay, um, they're done or complete or not complete like that.  So then they can check that. Got it. For me, I think it was clear.

7:58 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I think it wrong. Okay.

8:03 - Romeu Romeu
  Okay, so this is clear.

8:21 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And then I would say, can I put the text in from that document?

8:29 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  There's internal audit checklist, where he's probably taking that from. So you could just format it to match the table in that document, I think.  But maybe I didn't understand this part.

8:41 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So they need to update this design that you were looking at, or this design that we were looking at is just inspiration for, because this is risk assessment.

8:49 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  It's both.

8:50 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  It's a yeah.

8:52 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  legal register, they need to make the comments that I just made, and then use this as inspiration for the internal audit.

9:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, we're separating.

9:01 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  yeah. And I think it's separate thing.

9:04 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Okay.

9:05 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, that makes sense to show it's, it's, it's meant for the internal audit page, but to take inspiration on this page.

9:32 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay. Yeah, it is clear. So can you do this one? Okay. Check. Okay. Now this task is clear and you said that you don't need a pop up at the stage to place the link, the source of the link.  Right? Just put it there. Yeah. No, I don't think so.

10:04 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah.

10:06 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay. But it also needs to do the yes or no checkbox, right? Yeah.

10:14 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I think if that's what we had, like I guess on the third one, has like a complete, partially complete or not complete.  So it could be the same thing. Yes or no. have to go back. Where's the original design for the internal audit document?  Like the word document that we're trying to make prettier. Like you couldn't, like I think it's trying to find like a similar.  No, it's not, it's not there. I think this is a legal register, so I'm not sure if he's copied it.  Okay. So remember we tried it.

10:46 - Romeu Romeu
  Okay.

10:49 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Perfect. So this will not, so we will use the document to extract the contents of that document and place them in the structure that looks.  that looks a little bit like this, correct? Yeah, everything will be perfect because the column titles will be a little bit different than in the internal audit document than in the legal register, but the point is there's like a lot of text and there's columns and then you need to fill in information in there.

11:16 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Got it. I understand. think that's... João, look up there.

11:21 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Look. I don't That's the legal register.

11:31 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, I was thinking about the internal audit documentation, the internal audit check. So, which is this one, right? Um, yes, let me see.  No, this is the management review for the audit. This is... Absolutely. You need to design that one. Yes, the management review for the audit, but I thought you were talking about the internal audit one.  They're two different documents. But the structure, is the structure of the documents the same?

12:08 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Like the point is, by doing one of them, can we just feed all the documents into that design and just...  They're not totally the same.

12:17 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  That's why I think it's to look at the Word document and see because some of them have like five columns and then other ones have three columns and it's a...  So like you can probably use the similar design, but it's not going to be exactly the same.

12:31 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Well, for sure, but in terms of like front-end improvements, So Ivan, help me out if you see me saying something that doesn't make sense, but basically, as soon as we have one type of table, it's relatively easy to have different kinds, different types of...

12:53 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I sent an email to you guys, you guys have it on email, so I'll just say look at this one.  You see. Yes, this one, so this is a little bit different like it's kind of like other columns and more information in there.  Question of how we will show within a form if this needs to be a form. Usually it is the same.

13:16 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  I agree with you. Well, this is 25 pages. Wait, this is too much.

13:20 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I think I have a shorter version.

13:23 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  The challenge is actually how will this form look like because we have some flexibility in our form library that we've already mentioned before.  We have some flexibility to have different layouts so we can put things like one next to each other, one below each other and so on.  So I would say that's maybe the challenge or not the challenge but what we need to define. But generally should look at the same between those examples.  Got it.

13:57 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Sorry, I going to go down.

14:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  All right, um, yeah, so I need to find that new internal audit checklist because that one is really like 25 pages that we did class, but there should be a shorter version.  think I saw somewhere, yeah, can you? No, no problem.

14:21 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So basically what we did now, we were checking this test for clarity and now it's it's clear. We'll use.  This sort of design for, for this task for this checklist. And that is good. So we did that for the, for the, for this design sync.  Quick parenthesis, um, even maybe to make sense, obviously we're open to correction, but maybe to make sense to have some sort of column.  that it's kind of a clarification column. It's kind of the same thing as a review column, but just to make sure that those tasks are fully understood.  What did you mean? You mean Are you talking about Jira now or?

15:16 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yes, yes, here in Jira. Do you my screen?

15:19 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Do you see my screen on Jira? No, no, no, no, you're not sharing anymore.

15:22 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Oh, okay.

15:24 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Share. Okay.

15:31 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So usually how we do it in development, we create a story and that story is like a task which has what needs to be done.  that, for example, you need to, for example, good, yeah, you can go to scroll to the top of this to do list.  And for example, this integrity hub redesign, that's an example of a task where you just said what needs to be done, but it lacks a little bit more context and details on what takes.  it needs to be in there now with the new latest changes, you know. So from there, I think we can create a task or two with more details like maybe, I don't know, create control section, create and so on.  That's how we usually do it. If you like to have more columns, I'm fine with that. I'll leave this up to you now and I mean, you're the one using this demo.  So if you want another column, feel free to add time. I'm with that. If you cannot dial it, it's fine.  Just let me know. So yeah, we can have our column before to do or after to do before in progress for tasks that aren't clear or something.  If you think that's also okay, you can also flag, use flag for some, I don't know. Yeah, let me know what you prefer and we can do it.  My suggestion is that we have the first column is an inbox column.

16:48 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So we just drop things in there. And as we clarify tasks that are inside the inbox column, would be here before the to do when they're clear enough, we move them on.  to do because otherwise we have a distortion here. looks like we can do this, sir.

17:07 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah.

17:07 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, guess we need to have like a like like then how do you prioritize those that like we say like these need to be done ASAP like and I'm just a little bit worried about the time difference, right?  So I'm hoping that like we don't have to have a meeting every day to also like, you know, get on the list of it with the time difference and everything like the the meeting is not put it on the list.

17:30 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  The point is so far I feel that maybe I don't know if you share this perspective, but most of the challenges making sure that we know exactly what needs to be done, right?  That's maybe not the only thing, but it's a big part of this, right? So these daily meetings that we're doing now, I think they're helpful, especially not because we are kind of process together to figure out what you mean when you say certain things, what we mean when we say  and things and stuff of that nature. So I think it's supposed to be a little bit jaky on the first times we do it, but we are progressing.  So okay, we did get confirmation that this question is answered. So this question is answered, which is good. And then we have another question, which is related to user management and group management.  Ivan made a suggestion that I think is good. I don't know if you have time to check. Yeah, we discussed it.

18:44 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  think I wrote in the task, I can give you an answer here also. So we decided that in the current app in the top right corner we have a user icon, which is actually just a dummy icon, but still when you click in the menu opens in the top right corner of the live app, you can  Yeah, I can show or just go to app dash, but you'll find it is there top right corner. The only thing that's in top right corner of the app basically you click in the drop down menu opens and in the drop down menu we will add users and group management.  And then when you click in the pages will open, that's the idea. And later, once we start bringing in more settings, we'll have just settings there and then underneath that under those settings will be groups and users and blah, blah.  But for now there's no reason to add settings if it would be just that. mean these things are easily changeable later, so it should be fine.  So yeah, you can put it, you can design wise and basically we will put it in top right corner in the menu that we already have.  That's it. Okay, not here but in this menu.

19:48 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, we can log out function there in the top right corner and it will be part of that menu.

19:54 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  And then when you click it, it should navigate to the sub kind of page where you manage users or groups.  It doesn't seem to be necessarily same page for users and groups. You can suggest as the layout and the design.  can be either separate pages, one for users, one for groups. It can be the same page. I don't have their preference.  It's just something that you think is best there for the users. But, of course, try to keep it simple.  Ah, there's the screenshot, yeah. Got it. So, Abby, do you agree with this?

20:28 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, no, I'm going through what you want this morning.

20:31 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  We are going through this again. Okay, cool.

20:35 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So, this is also, okay. That's good. Perfect. Good. So, this thing is also done. And then, so our two questions that needed qualification are now clear.  We need now to check out the three new tasks that if I create a queue for design. Can I open this up?

21:03 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, you can do it that way or you're going to do it the same, so you're going to do how you prefer.  So I'll quickly just, this task I think is the most clear, that's why I signed it directly to Romeo, but you can take it over Jau if something is not clear, read, go through it, and then how you prefer, but what needs to be done, we have controls page, where you can list all the controls, and it's currently, it's a bit outdated in a way that we would like it to be the same or similar design as in policies.

21:34 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  all the changes that are now in policies, we would like this to be the same.

21:39 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So what do I mean by same?

21:40 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I wrote at the bottom, you can scroll to the bottom of the description. So what needs to be done?

21:45 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Make the row design similar, so if there are those icons and that part, add header, so I paste the description there, welcome to the policy review.  So similar header, the text will be different, obviously, but it needs to be

22:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  and some kind of header which says which will give users a bit more context on information, what are controls and then adjust also add descriptions to the each row because currently for controls we don't have any descriptions and on the policies we now do so that's that's the another requirement yeah so those three things are needed to be updated on the controls page design and that's it basically yeah that's all on this so yeah okay okay that's clear to me okay the other two would need a bit more but Abby is here also so I think it will be good that we go together yeah okay so the second one is this integrity hub redesign okay so you can open in figma you can find integrity hub on the

23:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  This is another company that's doing some kind of compliance, think you'll know more about them. basically you can, yeah, this is the one.  So the left one, the right one is just home page so it's not relevant.

23:17 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So yeah, the left one here, this is now a bit outdated design.

23:21 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So if you open Vantas, you can see this is, go to the overview tab here on this page on Vanta.  Open Vanta, and go to overview page. Yeah, this is where you come in and you see some kind of overview.  But then if you take a look at the view all 54 controls, click your 54 controls at the top, right?  Then you can see all the controls listed and that you satisfy. Use that this company satisfies them. We'll need something like this.  Epic can give you more input on what exactly we need. But this is something that we need to redo because there will be much more content than it is currently in the design.  You can see that they have 50 controls here. might have 50. a little bit less, a little bit more, but we'll have more than five of them for sure.  And there will be also other things, other than controls here. so yeah. And I think I sent a word document a while back with the controls, with the environmental ones.

24:17 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Do you have it? Can you share that with me today? I can find it in our chat.

24:24 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  I think you shared it today.

24:26 - Mau
  Yeah.

24:28 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, I have it.

24:29 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  I'll share the link with everyone in Design Channel.

24:32 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  This is the integrity, yeah, that's it.

24:34 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So yeah, there's not, there's not 50 of them, but I think it's at least 20 or something, 30, I don't know.  I'm sending in Design Channel on Slack. It's there, so you can also access it later if you need it.

24:44 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  In terms of direct opening, in terms of priority for launch. Yes.

24:54 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  This is not priority for launch. So, okay.

24:59 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, well, think I can

25:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  it depends.

25:02 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I think this is because I think this is important to have, I think there's the employee portal and then there's this there's kind of three three different parts of it but like yeah I would say it's probably needs to be done by the beginning of February so but it's it's coming up I would say yeah.

25:22 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah on the priority list first is policies, policies.

25:26 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah policies and then employee hub is definitely getting that set up. think controls is from prior to this right I mean so it's controls prior to this and then this is soon after because once we have the controls then we can launch this one yeah.  Yeah in that order I would say so policy training is communications then controls then integrity hub that would be the priority things.  So policy training comes yeah and controls yeah and then there's person controls and then Integrity Hub.

26:17 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, so this redesign of the Integrity Hub, given that we're discussing, because at the start, Integrity Hub was a one-page sort of thing, kind of an MVP of that.  Yeah, and it could still be a one-page thing.

26:40 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I think I had made some comments on it. You're like, right, I don't know if you can see my comments or they're not showing up over there, but I have comments in there, like above the picture and stuff, like where I'm pointing right now.  Do you see the comments? I don't see them now. Yeah, I think I actually can delete a lot of the sections because they're not relevant and actually just go straight to kind of controls aspect of it, which is not necessarily going to be pretty because it's going to be a lot of text, but maybe we can have some kind of graphic there, but it's very much more about, like, look at everything that we do and that you're not doing kind of kind of feeling.  So a lot of those other boxes don't really make sense for the integrity hub. And then I think we had like, you know, I'm an employee investor customer.  I don't think we need that we can for the first MVP, you know, I could just sit right in here, not needed for this version.  Yeah, so it's really like, and then do you see the text of that document that was sent? Do we have that document?  Yeah, so these are all of the texts like, know, different controls, like if you look at Vanta, like risk management, you can have that and then each of them have like a little box or a drop down being like this is like this is what we do on them.  So those are kind of like we need to showcase, I think the point is to showcase all of the different things that this company has done.  And so it's somehow like being able to visualize that being like here, like we care about the environment here are some goals, like here's some of the things that we do.

28:32 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, everything is possible, but I think this is more complex than what it looks like, okay? Yeah, but this is why I was asking about the priorities to make sure that I think if it takes more time than it could be good that like work on it a little bit, give feedback, work on it, you know, give feedback and then like and then take some things.

29:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  For that over time or like, you know, we set up a session and be like, okay, we need to do this.  But like, what do we need to have it ready? You know, by February? In the beginning of February, I think it's the question, right?  So, yeah, yeah, yeah, that question makes a lot of sense.

29:19 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Checking out the things that are visible to us at this point. So design data center and play feedback form.  So this is for controls. And that means it's the second priority. This is the design that controls for this also need priority.  Okay, I'll bring this. Yeah, feel free to reorder it.

29:45 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  I just put them at the top because of meeting today so that I can find them, feel free to reorder according to the priorities.

29:57 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  This is probably it's medium. Correct. Controls page is also medium. So this checklist for audit. Audit is not on the priorities as far as I can tell.  No, it's not.

30:13 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  It's more like it needs to be done on this list. But I would say the priority would be policies, procedures, training controls, and risk assessment, finishing up the risk assessment ones, and then internal audit and then management.  So it'd be policies, procedures, controls, integrity hub. And then I'm saying that because I think that we have policy trainings, communications, which I think we just so we need to update those.

30:52 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I guess we need to update training and communications.

30:55 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yvonne, to match the format or no, because you already kind of know the design.

31:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  New designs that we have for policy, Yvonne, but yeah, we will be implementing that new design.

31:05 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  I don't need the development team to design like redesign it for training and communication.

31:10 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  can just take no, no, no, no, that's fine. Yeah. For those we don't. Okay. then so policies is almost like so policies is kind of done, right?  Like we kind of even we've agreed with the latest changes that so that's done.

31:23 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  And that's training and communication is done.

31:25 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So really what we have is controls left the updating of the.

31:29 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Controls, so that would take priority and ideally done. I don't think that will take.

31:34 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Let's not forget users. Yeah. Okay.

31:36 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah. So, so the controls and users screen, users and groups are before controls in my opinion, because we need to do them before for testing and controls are not required for testing.  So, yeah, user for controls. Yeah, that makes sense.

31:53 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Users and groups and then controls. Yeah, like that.

31:58 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And then integrity.

32:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  an integrity hub, but I think that it controls, I guess we have, yeah, I think that's fine.

32:11 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So the policy strains communications, just to be sure, is there any design work that is pending or all the design work is enough?

32:25 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  You have a couple of comments from today. I didn't check if they're updated, but other than that. No, it's updated and moving it to the left side.

32:33 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  know that Romeo had some comments that the pictures should be on the right side. don't know, I don't have a, yeah, but I think if we keep it on the left side, then we need to change.  Yeah, so if the comments are all done, then we are done with policies regarding. Yeah, I think we're done with policy training and communication.

32:55 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So ideally it's user groups, controls, and integrity.

33:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Okay, so the comments are in the review column, correct?

33:07 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, we made comments on them all, I think. Yeah, it's in the Okay, where's the Figma for this? Thank you, Homel, for linking the Figma in the comments.  It's really helpful. Okay, are these the comments you guys are describing? No, both these.

33:47 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, those comments, so you have a screw, yeah. And I think he made new ones, he made new ones right down on the bottom already.

33:55 - Romeu Romeu
  made a new one on the bottom. He's already updated on the to the right, to the right.

34:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  To the right.

34:01 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, there. Yeah, and I think that looks fine for me I don't think you've seen these even because these came out No, I yeah, I actually saw them Checked itself.

34:13 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So, yeah, look good to me.

34:15 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, that's that's fine.

34:16 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  I'll realize it So we consider this to be Correct.

34:21 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yes. Yes. Yeah, okay Okay Save Oh, wait, this is a different one because I added, um, this is for controls, right?

34:50 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Are you in controls or are you in? This is a You

35:04 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Okay, I think so, but in foreign policy section, that's not the one that should be the scroll to the top, please.  Re-design policy homepage with Abbey suggestions, I think.

35:21 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, that's the one.

35:24 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, that's one. Okay. That's a little bit there.

35:29 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Sigma, correct, file. Yeah. Sigma file, okay.

35:34 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Good.

35:35 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So you can move that finish. Yeah. Okay, perfect.

35:38 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So you can move that to finish.

35:39 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Done. Yay.

35:41 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah. And you made more.

35:44 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And I think the optimized page for a wide layout is okay too.

35:49 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, I agree. That's also perfect.

36:09 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, nice. Any other ones that you guys remember seeing that are completed?

36:20 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  I think the bottom one and the one at the end, both of those two, you can open one one and see, but they should both be done, I think, so.

36:33 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Updates designed to show the policy reviews on a model, okay, looks like this, looks fine, with the dark blue, yeah, I actually find that dark blue, I'm finding that it's harder to read on the light blue one and maybe dark blue might need to be the overall app color, but that might change a lot of things, so let's just wait for a few weeks before we do that.

36:56 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, so this one is up, you can mark it.

37:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah.

37:01 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Perfect. Okay.

37:03 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So creating for some of us.

37:06 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, the comments scroll scroll to the bottom to my comment.

37:11 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  was a comment.

37:14 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  One minute.

37:14 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Everything looks good to us. Good. It's just we're missing back to home button because we have X there, but users might not always find the button at the top right.  might be a good idea to also have a button on the left or something more bigger than. So that's our comment there basically.

37:32 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, but I don't remember we already updated it. He might have updated after a comment. Yeah, I didn't check.  I don't know. Sidebar post section.

37:44 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Is this the one? is not.

37:50 - Romeu Romeu
  Okay.

37:52 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  The bottom one.

37:54 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Last one.

37:55 - Romeu Romeu
  Yeah, one.

37:58 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, that one.

37:59 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, he added.

38:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  as you can see the bottom there yeah okay yeah the bias screen here yeah mark has done from here check copy okay okay done, okay Great basic wire in view of user management Okay, check this like message Read on that because that was the question right just a second.  I didn't know was there original question or maybe That was the link to the original question. Yeah.

39:06 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, so...

39:07 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So I think you guys now need to, yeah, need to now make it, I guess, based on, yeah.

39:14 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Mm-hmm, okay, create a wireframe.

39:16 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  The wireframe allows for this.

39:20 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  And also adding a user and inviting a user is, I would say, the same action, isn't it? If you have an organization, you will...  We can call it whatever one, so I'm fine with the book, but it's actually... We don't need separate actions for adding and inviting a user.  So for example, we want to add a new employee here in our organization.

39:41 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  We just invite him or add him or whatever the word is, so...

39:45 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Got it.

39:50 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, so... The task is clear. So the task here was to create the wireframe. Oh, to draw it. Yeah, to make the user one, because we need to set that up before.  Okay, save and I'll pull this back to do, because now there's more things to do. Fortify. Okay, forms a redesign.  Okay, did you manage to look at this or I did, but and I made some comments on it.

40:32 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I think it's to and it's to make it the same design as the as the other ones, you know, within terms of now the new design that we have for policy and to kind of make it match with it and then to make a few comments here and there.  This is for risk assessment and but some of those are for control. So I guess forms is a very kind of generic one because forms can be put into so many different ones.  the carbon reporting, it could be the controls, it could be the forms within risk assessment. it might make sense to break this down, or if it's only on the risk assessment, then we should rename it, maybe risk assessment forms re-designed.  But we do have forms risk and then we have forms controls. So it's kind of on the bottom picture, have forms controls down there, you see in the picture that he attached?  These ones.

41:29 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, like the forms controls, I'm not sure. Forms audit.

41:32 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So there's several forms that just need to be made. So I don't know if this section, it might make sense to break it into several different ones, forms risk assessment, forms audit, forms controls, and then do it that way.

41:46 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I agree with you.

41:47 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Let's break this down. Okay.

41:54 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Can me? So you're going be forms, audit, forms, control, then forms, forms, audit, and then forms, and then, okay.

42:21 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  And then forms, controls. And then forms, risk, I guess. Okay.

42:52 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  step by step. On this desk, there's quite a bit of stuff. And you guys made some comments on Figma.  So let's take it slowly. The comments you guys made on Figma were related to risk assessment, correct? Yeah, yes.  Is this is the thing? Yeah, those are the comments made for risk assessment. Okay, so, copy this thing, share, copy it.  Save, perfect. And so on this thing, there were some comments. Let's see the comments. The comments are add a delete button and add new ones, correct?

43:59 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah.

44:01 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, so I think I've written this somewhere, it's similar comment I think for the other Yeah, true, true that, okay, okay, okay, so This needs to work, we need to do some work on this, perfect, and sorry guys, I need to be really thorough on this, otherwise we'll miss  And it's made across different platforms. So this one, add link to back, OK, link to back. Well, yeah, I think you have to add a link to the register for a final review because they need to go in and check it.  And then they need to the next step is to go check to see if there's any more legal registers.

45:21 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  And then they need to actually go back and add any new ones that they might have into the register and then confirm.  OK, I'm really lost right now.

45:29 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So just to say, where should I link this? So if it goes to the register itself, you look at the register.

45:39 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  say, hey, I think you could either do in whichever different order. But to make it easy, we say, hey, these are typical ones that you need to have.  And then the next step, if you look at step 1.2, if you deep dive into it, just says, then you need to search for other laws and regulations.  need to check the environment. agencies, you need to like, you know, look at sustainability. Okay. And then let's say they, then they say, oh, yeah, I found something.  Then there needs to be a point where they go back to the register on the left and they add the information there.  You know what I mean? And then they need to add what they find in here. I was just trying to find an easier way.  It's just like, okay, link back, go back one step and then do that. Or it be like, or it can go back.

46:26 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I don't know, it could be another part of it. was just trying to find a simple way to solve it.

46:30 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  And then, and then they confirm that it does cover everything after they've gone back to the link. you know, or those can be checkmarks, you know, and, and like, it's responsible to know that you've done like additional things and not just taking what we've given them for face value.  Okay. So I'm thinking here.

46:54 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So when I'm filling this up, Right.

47:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  This is the register when you say registered like this one is like like the way that we kind of set it up And we might need to change it, but it was more like how do I I know that Cognite operates in Norway and India ever So I just pulled up the I googled and we've done the initial work for them So all they need to do is check whether or not they agree with these laws or whether or not how they are on it and Then the next step is like I don't want to take all responsibility for for giving them their legal registers So I want them to do a lot of check Self which is conduct your own research right that's step 1.2 on the next page So then they we need to make sure that they acknowledge that they've conducted their own research and like kind of Given them, you know, you need to do these different things and confirm that they've done these new things So maybe actually those circles should actually be check marks being like I confirm I have also done, you know The following it I've searched the red register.  I've checked environmental aspects. I've also made looked at commitments, you know, and And they were like a right here it says I confirm we have done our own research required and are responsible for the legal register but then in between then it's like okay let's say they have done these things and they found additional risks that they want or additional laws that we haven't put in they need to go back like you they know that link to the one that you just filled in and then you know where the add button is at the bottom then they need to add it there right so that they can keep track of it okay so my suggestion is slightly different um for you I think it's confusing for users to go back we can just send them to a repetition of the of the second one right so for instance let's say I am carbonate I just I filled up some stuff and now I'm checking out this and I check check check and I'm like oh I was verifying something and I realized oh there's something that I need to do that is not here there's legal there's a law that's not on this one that I need to do yes and then I need to add that law into the legal register so that you can  crack it. Correct.

49:02 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So there could be a question here is that did you find something that needs to be added? And if the person says yes, they go to this thing, if they say no, they just go to this thing.  Yeah, I think I think that's fine too.

49:19 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I was trying to avoid having additional designs, but I think it makes more sense user flow wise. So that's fine with me.  Ivan, what do you think? Yeah, yeah, yeah.

49:30 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  If we can't figure something out, let's try to do that. Okay, so Romeo, can you see it?

49:38 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  If you can't see it, you go Yes, I don't have 10% left, I to get the context like that.  When I was building this stage with Mal, we also got this question here. Okay, so the copy won't be this, but that's easy to change later.

50:22 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Step one, step two, sorry, yeah, step two, no, step three, correct?

50:45 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So now let's look at this. me put them to registry. Tree, tree, just tree. The same thing Wait I lost my comment Okay Okay Safe So this was regarding the risk assessment, right?  So now we have some corrections to do regarding the audit It's a new task Yeah, I think audit is like that new

52:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  forms that I sent you just now in your emails is like a new version of that 23-page one I sent you.

52:09 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It's an audit checklist. Okay, so first I you probably have it in your inbox too but um it's just yeah from before that's Is there a way to put all the documents on drive or something like that?

52:49 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah I think we might be able to create a teams on Slack because I've been trying on Slack you can put all the documents on Slack so I can try to we can create a new group or maybe within the design  group. I could see how to do that.

53:04 - Mau
  Do you know how to attach something? Sorry?

53:11 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I was just asking if you know how to attach something. And also there's some kind of a taste of something we can find in the same place.

53:22 - Mau
  it's just replaced the file. You can go and within our design chat there's a room for files.

53:29 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So we can dump all of the files in there.

53:33 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  think I've sent you from before you can see. Okay, so this test will be on to the correct I'll go back and forms risk.  Is RISC already done or is here?

54:02 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  RISC might be done, it's a similar process but I haven't checked it but I think it's the similar as odd.  Have we done RISC? Maybe RISC is the first one that we did actually, yeah yeah it's not the first one we did yeah.  We can delete this one.

54:26 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'll have to leave it in four minutes I have another meeting so is there anything else that we need to go through other than this?  we done after this or was there something else?

54:39 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I think it's more like what like in terms of like we have today I don't know how many hours that Romeo has today and then we have about the date tomorrow like or like yeah like and how much of this can be done in that period in terms of the priority for like user management or like or if there's a low hanging fruit like

55:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  the controls part of it.

55:02 - Mau
  I'm not sure, like, but what can be done within the next, you know, two days, like, today and tomorrow?  And then what can be done, yeah, on the other ones, I think is.

55:13 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  But I also, like, also don't want to do, like, piecemeal, okay, until we meet, then we can go, then we meet and go, like, there should be, like, a list of ones that, like, Romeo can pick up along the time as he does, and then, like, kind of, you know, go back and do that.  And that's my concern about, like, these alignment meetings and in terms of the pace and some of these things, like, so now, like, today, like, what can be worked on, and tomorrow, what can be worked on.  And then, if we, you know, we still have a meeting on Friday, but, like, yeah, and then for that, so in terms of, like, I guess we prioritize, we need user management and we need the forms, right?  I Yeah, user management, group management. Yeah, designs, you know, like what, like between controls design and user management, are we able to get those, you know, by, by today and tomorrow, um, both of them, think it's impossible.

56:19 - Mau
  Okay, yeah.

56:22 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So let me see if I can order this by priority. Been a while since I've used this. I think you'll have to manually do it, unfortunately, but What?

56:45 - Mau
  No.

56:55 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, so to answer every question right now, we have a list of things.

57:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  work on right which is the forms for controls the forms for audit and there's also integrity hub and that's why I feel like it could be like yeah I guess you could do it within here like to say kind of yeah depending on the time available you know start with these you know down the list of these out of all of them or we can have another column called prioritized to do so then you kind of start with those and everything else is kind of done but I think it's clear the priorities to me are clear in this to do list the first one is users and groups management and update to 10 update to controls I think that's more or less clear it's same priority list as in slack chat that you wrote it's just which tasks belong to which one if that's not clear we can then maybe make it more clear but I think it should be pretty clear which task belongs

58:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  And then integrity hub would be the third one. Is that what it is? can't remember like the third one or a fourth one.

58:08 - Mau
  What do we write down?

58:10 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  This is like, yeah, what do we, there's no way to number these right there, but like as a number is like one priority too or, I can't remember what did you write down, Xiao, you had written down somewhere.

58:22 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Was it on Slack where we put it?

58:24 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, you have it in Slack chat and design channel. Xiao, what are you trying to do?

58:27 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  can maybe create a new column, like for like prioritized to do is maybe like, then it's more in progress change in life.

58:34 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  It's just a matter of ordering them, top to bottom, high priority, low priority.

58:38 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And JIRA has this natively, but I cannot find this option.

58:42 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, I had to do something for that board. had to do something.

58:46 - Mau
  I don't remember what.

58:47 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  I don't maybe take a look. But if we just agree on this caller in the Slack channel, what are the, let me see what's in the Slack channel.

58:56 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So the highest priority is update control space. We should have similar look and feel to latest policies of design.  Do we agree on this? Let me see the overall where it was designed.

59:09 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, you put the priorities as of today in Slack.

59:15 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  I guess it's an old one.

59:17 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  It's UI controls and integrity hub, so user management. Yeah, there it is.

59:22 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  don't see that new.

59:23 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  users and groups controls and integrity hub. I guess, right? Because we realized that policy. You can delete the message.

59:32 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, just delete that.

59:33 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  No, I've learned from the previous project that I need to have. OK, yeah.

59:38 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  You can delete policies, trainings, and communications in the one that you sent at 5 p.m.

59:43 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  today. OK, I'll do that.

59:49 - Mau
  Because we really only need, yeah, we don't need the top one or exit out.

59:54 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  No, you don't have to delete it. Oh, could cross it out.

59:57 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'm giving that.

1:00:01 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So those are the three priorities, guess, right, for like today, like today, tomorrow and Monday, I guess, or like, or some of it, ideally, at least like, or do one so that we can get feedback.  And then so it's not like all of them come on Monday and then we have more feedback and then it's delayed, right?  So like, pick one and then we can start giving feedback on some of them, I think. But these priorities, we are discussing different zoom levels.

1:00:29 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Those priorities are not from today to Monday because the integrity have, like, Well, maybe controls is right, like controls is just updating the picture, the design one.

1:00:45 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, controls is probably, just to have like, level on this level, we are discussing on the task zoom level.

1:00:54 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, so perhaps here we can make use of the work we just realized in Cira. So priority number one is this thing, am I correct?

1:01:05 - Mau
  Update control page that seem to have been filled to latest policies, page design.

1:01:12 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I guess my understanding, I would be helpful to better understand how much time it would take for each of these different things for it to do these, the other ones, right?  And then you can prioritize them like if controls is only going to take two hours, just get it done and update it and then move on to the longer taking task.  know, if that's going to take another day, then I'd rather use that day towards building the other tasks, right?  So I think that's a little bit of a context on that. And how long it would take to do the other tasks, you know, user management and the group management and the integrity hub.

1:01:58 - Mau
  And I think also it's

1:02:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  again I would like it like okay if you start on integrity hub that it's not until you know like three days later it's just that there's reiterated feedback like every day like I've gotten this far is this the right direction that you want yes you know and that so it's not like okay we okay we agreed on these three and then we show up on Monday and then say okay it's and then we get feedback and then because then we lose time through that process we will not do these things until Monday that's a guarantee these things are more complex than that yeah but there will be sections that are done by Monday right like you're gonna start like when you go to a to z you're not going a to z yeah a to b b to c c to z and say I would like to have touch points when you go to b I would like to have touch points when you go to c because then I can give you in the right direction on that so I mean every day we still have a touch point where I can give feedback because sometimes I feel like in the past we haven't had that it's like I get the result on the state we're like okay we'll get to you this by the state you know and then we get to the state and I get it and it's not like exactly what we're looking for so maybe just to resolve

1:03:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  This can just give rough estimates, not now, but to talk with Romeo and just give rough estimates on this task, not everything, we don't have to have everything, just adjust this next task.  user management, user management, control, sub date, what's else in the priority. Integrity Hub. Yeah, you can also Integrity Hub, can just give rough estimates and so that we know what we are talking about in the two days, a week or two weeks or something, and you can come back with what you think, how much time it will take, and then we can discuss the order, timeline, and everything.  Okay, Romeo, we're going have to talk you later about this call to define our estimatives, can you say?

1:03:41 - Mau
  Okay, that is.

1:03:42 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Do you have all the information that you need for this call to make the estimative? Yes, I think somebody was 1,260.

1:04:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  You can write in real life the estimates and we can just quickly then go through them, just quickly draw estimates on what do you think, how long it will take, and if you have questions of course you can ask them and then we can clarify it.  But as I said just to repeat the priority regarding development-wise, priorities are users and from all of these what's mentioned in here, so are users and user group management and after that are controls, and then that's the order of things that we will be doing on the development side.  I mean the priorities are pretty much the same but the order of things we will be doing is the same, so just to repeat that.  I'll help you jump up. Anything else that you want go on?

1:04:51 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  No, I think it would be good to get the code as, I don't know, I if you can get it too and I guess with the time difference then I'll see you.  And then we can kind of see what to do on it. Yeah, I think you already have enough work to start.

1:05:09 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  we can talk about this. I think they're just going to figure out where to start, right?

1:05:13 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  of the three. I think at least maybe like, then I would say like, find the time estimate and then maybe work on the update, the controls one, because that one doesn't seem like you would take long and the other one seemed to be longer projects.

1:05:26 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So at least we don't lose a day.

1:05:27 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  My worry is that we're going to lose a day if we don't get the estimate here and then we don't get the starting on that and then that.  So it's like, we already know the controls we've done without like a longer time integrity hub and the users will take a longer time.

1:05:41 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So we don't just this day is my point.

1:05:43 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  It's like, maybe then you can use that to update the controls while we get the estimate. And then maybe tomorrow we can talk about the estimate, I guess like, and whether or not, because if you come back and say that user management is going to take two weeks and like, and then or that, you know, the other part is going to take a really.  a long time, then we also need to think is that the right, you know, use of resource or like do another way to get that faster, right?  So like, but I think I feel like they update the control page. We don't need that much discussion.

1:06:12 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It's like, yes, we can do it because we know that.

1:06:14 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So that can maybe be done today while we're trying to figure out what to do with the other one while we wait for the task estimation on that.

1:06:20 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And then we have it, then we have to wait another day to discuss that task estimation and confirm that it's forward.

1:06:25 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  But like, at least we're not losing a day of design with a time difference. Does that make sense? It makes sense.  Yes. Yeah, so I think. Yeah.

1:06:41 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  OK.

1:06:43 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  OK, OK. So then then we're aligned. then our work on controls right now, like ideally soon. So we have something that we can discuss tomorrow, but then also give us an estimate for the different tasks on the chat.  And then if we can come back relatively quickly, maybe we. You can come back tonight, Yvonne and I, then so then it won't delay more time, but then otherwise talk about it tomorrow.

1:07:08 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah.

1:07:09 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Mm hmm.

1:07:10 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah. Okay.

1:07:22 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah.

1:07:25 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah. Yeah. Okay, okay, okay.

1:07:29 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Oh, we'll get. Okay. Okay.

1:07:45 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Okay, all right.

1:07:46 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  you. Okay. Bye. Bye.