---
title: Fortifai Design Sync
date: '2025-02-11T14:30:00.000000Z'
duration: 25m
participants:
- João
- Abbey Lin
source: https://fathom.video/calls/230052295
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:22:36.612385+00:00'
---

Fortifai Design Sync - February 11
VIEW RECORDING - 30 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/y-j-fLg6cfrnm8XkY7a4cyd2wJ7gsS_K

---

0:03 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Eu vi o teu nome, mas o teu vídeo estava com o vídeo, eu parecido duas vezes. Eita, eu estava sozinha.

0:13 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Eu estou de peão, eu até consegui, pelo menos passava uma coisa com ela. Eu estava rolando. Cara, ontem eu estava meio doente.

0:20 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Eu entrei assim rapidamente, mas depois tive que sair. Mas hoje estou melhor.

0:27 - A L
  Eu vou encontrar um chargê. Obrigado.

1:52 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, so we have some stuff to show for today. Okay.

2:00 - A L
  I have to leave at time, but I might need to leave a bit before it's like 10 minutes before five or 10 minutes.  Maybe I can do it in the car.

2:09 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So let's begin with perhaps the most important stuff. Add links to environment control form. Yeah, this is a big one.  Opening. Going on Figma. She had this tab instead. Okay. can... Is down here, Romeo? I had it down, João.

2:40 - Romeu Rodrigues
  I know if you opened it up, but it's still there. It is.

2:45 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  A task... May I know a set? Add links to environmental control forms. Okay.

2:56 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Okay.

2:58 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So what do you see, Abby? that we added these links here and the other things got slided to the side and we might need to deal with this at some point because there's many forms but well this is what we did.

3:17 - A L
  Yeah I'm wondering if there's a better way to either like it's like if we have that extra page that is sent to submission right because we have policy procedure training and then send to send the form.  I don't think so. If you move your screen to the top left of the yeah my forms whereas has my forms.  I think one is called content area my form then maybe. Oh I like this thing. Like we like design that better and then like maybe on the front page you need to have all of them but you need to go into this form or it's a little bit easier to see.

4:05 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah. We could do that. And perhaps one of them.

4:13 - A L
  Sometimes they have the one way it's like a card deck, know, you just, you know, you keep being right.  And then it goes through all of them, you know, and then like a carousel.

4:23 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, like a carousel, maybe. Yeah, we could do that. Or we could. Okay, let's see, one of the ideas was to put this into a carousel.  With buttons visible, explicit buttons.

4:54 - Ivan Ćelić
  I think we'll also need search for this, so at some point, once they get it done.

5:07 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So what I'm thinking is, for now, okay, so there's levels to this first level, I would say just break the line and put them into the next line.  So all of them are usable, even if the user needs to scroll.

5:26 - A L
  That's what I would do.

5:28 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  On the second level, perhaps we need to prioritize them by urgency. you should do this thing because it's coming up and just bring it up to the beginning of the thing.  And these are coming up.

5:44 - Ivan Ćelić
  are always, let's say the same. You fill in this when they happen. Yes.

5:55 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So, okay, so I think what I would do now, because of time and the other things I would just break the line and keep them all visible but maybe in the future we need to make them either shorter or be able to filter them or and or search for them.  Yeah for this version I would go this way but we would have to rework this stuff. Afterwards. What do you guys feel?

6:36 - Ivan Ćelić
  Sounds good to me. Yeah I think that looks better at least already.

6:40 - A L
  I'd like to scroll down it. Okay.

6:44 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Romeo, we're to have to do this too in my forms, Okay.

6:58 - A L
  Okay. Cool.

7:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So given that Romeo corrected this already, we can just say it's done. Okay, maybe we can check out some forms.  Before that, so even Abby might need to leave earlier, I need to leave at time. From a development standpoint, are any of these two tasks that you would like to begin with?  No, no, no, I have no preference regarding the controls yet. So we have a form for incident reporting. Let's open it up.  Share this tab. Okay, so, okay, all the forms are in the same place. Cool. Is the incident reporting? Is the form we have?

8:00 - Romeu Rodrigues
  In the translation of the document in the web design, there are some fields that I don't understand that doc there is for us to fill.  There are some fields of registration, of serial date, of serial, things that I think may be automatic. Just give me a quick look, please.

8:30 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It needs signatures and stuff like that. And dates and stuff like that. So for this version, for this digital version, we just assume that we type everything in.  Yeah.

8:42 - A L
  I think it's fine to do that. Okay. So incident investigation reports, information about the injured person.

8:49 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Establing, okay. The last one, please.

8:54 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Ah, okay, okay, never mind. is from Figma. Investigating.

9:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Officer, okay, I think here the name must be different because the person filled in, oh, this is for the officer who fills in the incident investigation report is the employee right?  Well, no, like, I guess I need to check this and more like one is like somebody is real.

9:22 - A L
  Yeah, like, yeah, incident report there. It could be the employee. They're reporting it. Somebody after needs to add some more information about it.  So it might be including depending on the form that Romeo got it might be like including both. So it's like one section is for them.  Yeah, see injured person or affected area and then one person needs to investigate it. And then started step two, I think it has to be another person, maybe.  So one person like fills in a form like, you know, it's like, there's an HSE incident I tripped, then it should go to somebody else and then somebody else has.  fill in the information gathering, the training and the analysis.

10:11 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, so okay let's let's role play this. I broke my foot at the office. What happens now?

10:20 - A L
  So I fill this in but ideally there should be maybe one more where they just fill in and then it goes to somebody and then you say like I've myself but like Yvonne hurt himself he broke his foot send it in and then it needs to and then it goes to whoever's responsible for HSC stuff and that's a Zhao.  So Zhao receives this and being like whoa Yvonne broke his leg. Okay I need to I'm the investigating officer assigned.  I need to gather information so then I need to set up a meeting with Yvonne. Yvonne how did you break your leg?  You know I tripped on a paint can that shouldn't have been there and then you check you know with crovering wouldn't that like Yvonne would be like well you know  Romeo was in the room so he can confirm and then you go check with Romeo Romeo. Yeah, he did even broke on that thing now Okay, I need to figure out how to prevent this risk from happening.  Okay We need to remove peek cans and make it very clear that and have a big sign so people don't break it and then You know like go from there.  That's kind of how you need to and you need to document that you've done that like I've done The interview I've looked at it about it.  I've created a mitigating circumstance to make sure that it doesn't happen The likelihood of any kind of environmental and injury or waste thing in a office is quite low like so Do we need this Like to have a control it probably might be required as an ISO that we need to have some kind of reporting mechanism So that somebody can investigate doesn't need to be this detailed Possibly not I need like I need to figure out what we can get past the ISO But this was taken as a clip from like an ISO auditor on what they use But it could be that they're using it on more like, you know  factory workers, right? And that's why you need a little bit more, like, you know, environmental hazard waste coming out of clothing manufacturing.  So you need a little bit more detail than you would like in office space one. But these are kind of some of the things that like, I feel like we should sit down, like you and me like kind of pick apart some of these things like we did with carbon reporting today, because we like, it's more like, here's some templates, let's started, let's get something up.  But then like, and then we're going to have to test it and then see.

12:35 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'm a bit blocked here because I mean, from the design perspective, it seems to be done. It seems to me that the developers could perhaps code this.  But the discussion we're having now is that it is the right thing to do. So what do you think, Ivan?

13:03 - Ivan Ćelić
  The flow seems complex to me, so if we could avoid that complexity for the first phase, that would be great.  If it can all be crammed into a single form without having to pump or switch between different persons in the system, that would be great.  That would be really great for us, it would be much quicker to do because then we just have a form and that's it.  But later I'd say that this sounds to me like we need to have some specific case like carbon reporting and this needs to be like a specific control, like some with specific flow, but that I mean that you need to first tell what happened, who was involved and then that person needs to confirm it and all that flow that Abby mentioned.  So if it is possible and if that is feasible on the component side, I would rather start with that and then in the second version extend it to something a bit more like you said, bit more between each employee.  in the different users in the system, right? Mm-hmm.

14:03 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  OK, I agree. think that's the best way to begin this.

14:08 - A L
  The likelihood of anybody, one thing, like, a benefit of, like, if we just get it coded is, like, the likelihood of anyone actually filling it in and noticing it doesn't really work or make sense is going to be quite low, because people are not going to fill it in.  And it gives us time to fix it. But it's also not ideal if you have kind of, like, a nerd who's poking in and being, like, oh, this doesn't work, and then, like, do that.  We can have this form, and then that nerd can fill in this form.

14:33 - Ivan Ćelić
  The form can be a bit, you know, one person is filling it in, but still, we can have a checkbox that says, I verified with that person, blah, blah, I don't know, I verified with Jau, and I stand by this information, you check a checkbox or something like that.  We can maybe try to avoid going to the other person through the system for approvals and stuff for now.  And then that nerd will be satisfied in a Hopefully at least for the initial phase and then we can extend it with with with some something better and more into it Into UX.  Yeah Got it Yeah, that's my that's that seems reasonable to me But and if we can get by with that, I I do it because that will save us lots of time I agree.

15:19 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I agree. I think I think we can code this but I Think we should be for future stuff. We should pay attention to not Not jumping into design or or seeing design as a bottleneck when there are other things that could you know Help us further down the line.  But yeah, I think yeah, we can do this So I'll set this as done This was incident reporting environmental improvement suggestions is is on the same file is next to it That's

16:02 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Yeah. So, okay, so this is a relatively simple one.

16:08 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I guess each person can just, you know, send this right.

16:13 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Okay, thank you.

16:14 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So this is the one environmental improvement suggestions is a simple one. I actually think this is not subject to the complexity of the previous one.  It's just, okay. Do we have a way of tracking this thing?

16:39 - Ivan Ćelić
  We can maybe. I would just take it out for this version. But yeah, if we could avoid any complexities, that would be great.  But I mean, we could maybe pull it out and mark them in the system as.

16:51 - A L
  I mean, it's to you.

16:54 - Ivan Ćelić
  It's up to system. We can collect this information, but what I'm not worried about collecting.

17:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'm more worried about what do we do with that so we have to pull it out and for each user what what does this mean that they want to participate then we have to probably do something else I guess so yeah yeah I think this checkbox is not a problem that's fine that's okay okay it's about the behavior that the checkbox enables right yes exactly exactly yeah yeah okay so let's just keep it but yeah and then document change request so basically there's two screens but it's the same screen they just change depending on what you click here if you click generation it shows a set of informations if you click a change it needs to to refer to that I think yeah I think that's a fine I think we'll put  end up changing some of the text like but I think that's fine like the dcr number will just be like insert the document name number or something like document name so you don't have like a yeah dcr code and stuff but yeah that's fine okay so i'll just get out i can change that done okay share this share this this is done this is reporting this is done as well okay uh interesting create home for controls version internal which is uh yeah this was a quick thing because it was just adding another thing at the top just making sure we are all on the same page uh which is this task was this box right okay it's done uh wait uh i don't think the order

19:00 - Ivan Ćelić
  is right here it's not that important but just to comment on the order approved comes before in progress so just that small comment not important but just for the sake of because it goes from not started approved in progress or deployed completed and then not not started it's here or it's yeah this one is not applicable the gray one is not applicable yeah that's that's the correct order only the gray one goes to the right side on the end yes last yes yeah but yeah but you get you get the point yet just that so that we are all in sync that's how it is in live app right now uh-huh okay cool okay this was also done remove new

20:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So now the integrity hub, okay, don't have a link here, so the integrity hub removed the I'm still thinking about it, I started doing it the end, but later on I to reformulate it the base on the templates, so I'm on it now.  So this was just, know, because it was an easy task, so Romeo wouldn't stand still, just remove the section.  Wait, no, I'm glad you're working on that, because I feel like that's going to be an important part of selling our product.  Removal toggle for employee-investor customer reviews, which is here, it's not here anymore, just to be there. Done. And remove batch, likewise.  That was this fake batch. It's taken out. We don't see it, if you're showing, just say no.

21:05 - Ivan Ćelić
  Yeah. OK. this badge was removed.

21:09 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Yeah.

21:11 - A L
  Here.

21:13 - Romeu Rodrigues
  I'm now analyzing the document in all of the filters so we can how we can fix this problem in a second.

21:20 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  New icon, new code for policy status, is done. Where is the thing we keep here? Show this tab. OK.  It's up there. It's those codes. Also, we need to check this. No. No. That's it. OK. Boom, boom. It's done.  OK. So I'm confused why these things didn't move into the done section. This is sheer of things that I said has done.  Queered. Okay, environmental internal. Okay, this was just a task that was grouping the other tasks. if the tasks are done, this one is done.  This was also just reviewed. Okay, done. Remove real-time numbers from Integrity Hub, which were these things. We just removed them here.  And here, we just don't have them anymore. It looks a little bit more like Vantah. Shady Step, review done.  Okay, so in progress, right now we have a couple of minutes. What of the things that are in progress, which things are more relevant for you even at this stage?

22:50 - Ivan Ćelić
  Controls, everything related to controls, yes.

22:55 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So carbon reporting offices. I have a little bit of here next. No, don't understand.

23:02 - Romeu Rodrigues
  It's a task to finish with the previous one, right? The difference is the of the office, I don't We had already done this before, right?  I don't understand, it's a vision of the office, right?

23:14 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yes, yes, so Romeo was asking if this was a similar view to the carbon reporting on the cloud. This is about the office, but it kind of works the same way as the cloud, so that was Romeo's question.  But from my understanding of our previous call today, we need a little bit more clarity on carbon reporting for the office before Romeo does this, right?

23:41 - A L
  Yeah, possibly, like you said you're going to try to draw out some things, maybe we discuss it tomorrow. But yeah, possibly.  How about that extra page in between controls that hasn't been drawn yet, that one going from the head page to the other?

24:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  part of it like uh no we don't uh this is what me and romeo will need to talk about today but romeo i can show you right now um because if that's done that that's a big part of the whole g side controls because once that's done i think that's me and the forums which i think evan already has then the g side will be almost done okay um okay what we need to do now is this thing do you remember this we need to do this thing do you remember this yes we will have another call you and i to go through the details but basically just using a very similar thing that's already exist this is a screenshot from the app to  make the view of the control.

25:02 - A L
  If we solve this, we unlock a lot of things to the control flow.

25:07 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So this is our focus for now. Okay.

25:10 - Romeu Rodrigues
  All right.

25:11 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And I will create, I will create the task here. Yeah, show this, that is that. Create a view of the control flow.  And this is related to share of the link here. Okay, this thing is okay. This is very important design.  Okay. It's this more of this question is for Ivan. Is this a more important task for you, Ivan, than setting up the approval process for each policy?  Yeah, I'd say yes.

26:10 - Ivan Ćelić
  Okay.

26:12 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  We need both, but you can start with that.

26:14 - Ivan Ćelić
  I think that sounds like a good question.

26:18 - A L
  Yeah, but I think in the meantime, if this isn't done in time, could be the approval process, could be something that you guys do so you don't get, you know, you don't, so you don't wait for this also in case because the approval won't probably be needed anyway, but I'm just thinking like how quickly Zhao and Romeo would it take for you guys to build extra middle page of controls?

26:42 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I think we can design it between today and tomorrow.

26:47 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Okay, then that should be at least okay, and then we can see the next one.

26:52 - A L
  Yeah. But we do need to find a time, Ivan, because we had discussed it like, you know, we might not need it for long, you said you can work on it after that.

28:03 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Did you manage to do this, Rumeu, core scheme for dev team?

28:08 - Romeu Rodrigues
  I would like to explain little bit about this, what we have there and what we need to do. I don't know how I like to know this, but I understand that we need to give it a little bit a scheme.

28:26 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  We need a little bit more detail on this, even if in two minutes you have three things you'd really love, so we can start with those.  That's great, if not we just focus on the stuff.

28:39 - Ivan Ćelić
  Rumeu, you are choosing colors, where do you choose them from? Is it just random colors or do you have a palette to choose from?  Rumeu, where is the palette of colors?

28:49 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  There is a palette, right?

28:50 - Romeu Rodrigues
  I don't understand, it's in the film, but it doesn't really visually in the film.

29:06 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, so we've made progress on Integrity Hub, on the forms for environments, we have a little bit more clarity on the process for creating the individual view of the control page, which is this thing here, we have a couple of other small things we can just take out of the list.  I think that's it. Okay, that sounds good.

29:39 - A L
  Let me get this talk tomorrow. Thank you.-bye. you