---
title: Fortifai Design Sync
date: '2025-02-14T14:30:00.000000Z'
duration: 25m
participants:
- João
- Abbey Lin
source: https://fathom.video/calls/232688170
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:20:05.344413+00:00'
---

Fortifai Design Sync - February 14
VIEW RECORDING - 42 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/oWk2jivTWyTycWzP24qyBUQz2vdkEPGj

---

1:02 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  That's probably ways for the future to think this through deeper, for now it seems to serve the purpose.

1:09 - A L
  Even as I work it that way?

1:10 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah.

1:11 - A L
  We discussed it yesterday, so that's it.

1:14 - Ivan Ćelić
  Cool.

1:15 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  That's all said, that's done. Now, think we have a thing about controls that is useful for us to check, right?  So, let me come here. I know, they're having a carbon reporting, right? Yeah. We have these forms on carbon reporting, right?  And Evie made some comments here, right? Do you remember these forms, Evie?

1:43 - A L
  Yeah, I do, and I don't know if they've been updated to consider some of the things that you and Brighton had discussed, right?  In terms of what information you actually need to collect in the right way. This has taken off of, like, I think just the forms I can't remember, or like it was probably taken off of that.  Figma that N had made, yeah, I think it was updated before Figma that N had made. That wasn't kind of in that process.  So I think this needs to be updated to kind of match the new discussion that you and Brighton had in terms of what information you guys need to be able to collect for each of the different ones, right?  And so maybe you need to group it instead of, yeah, or maybe it is kind of grouped in energy general and things, but like, yeah, the, I think it needs to be kind of drawn.  So there's two ways of going about this.

2:33 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  The first one is that we just compare the questions that are here, the questions that are asked, and we keep the same design, right?  Yeah, I think if it's same design, just change the content, maybe.

2:44 - A L
  Yeah.

2:45 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay. So I think that will be faster. Romeo and I already spoke a little bit about that, but so this should be relatively quick, relatively quick.  So, okay, this is good. We have clarity on what to do on the current. reporting. I'll create a new task here.  If that's not a new comment. One thing, sorry, do not forget. This archive stuff, that's a new status.

3:13 - Ivan Ćelić
  Can we get a new color and new icon for that, please? We don't need a box at the top, we just need icon for status and status color for that role because it will show in the list and it will have that color, so we need to add that.  Yeah, that's it. Sorry to interrupt. No problem.

3:38 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I mean, I'm not memorizing that because I'm organizing something else. I know that. Just a second. Okay, while Miro is thinking, because I'm putting a link here.  So what you said is Create new status, code, and icon for archive. Can we just, is it possible to, for now, the point is, should we stop, if we're doing to do this?  Or, how high of a priority this is?

4:38 - Ivan Ćelić
  We kind of need it, I would say this is a priority bigger than controls, since we want to have this as soon as possible, because users will want to archive controls.  I mean, it's not a blocker, we can put something in, but it won't look nice, I guess, in the same color palette.

4:56 - A L
  I'm not against having this, like, this new thing. the one that's not applicable and like you know that one that we have in gray and just use it for that for now and then we switch the archive for that just to like not lose any time with Romeo.  I'm a little worried about controls that's why I was telling Jal about it earlier so. Yeah okay.

5:23 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Where is that thing? It doesn't controls offices. And it's questions okay. Perfect okay. So we have a couple of things in progress.

5:48 - Romeu Rodrigues
  I'm again.

5:49 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So we have a couple of things in progress.

6:00 - Romeu Rodrigues
  We talked yesterday about the 7.2.2, so here it ends in the report, here we will talk in a while, right?  And then we will take the target hub and also in this priority here. Ok, let's revisit that.

6:15 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  we still have the focus, Rumeu, is always to use the priority question, not to be in progress, ok? Supergrantee.  Just to be sure, our understanding is that integrity hub does not have priority over these things here, right?

6:35 - A L
  Yeah, I think integrity hub should come soon after controls or third parties, but yes, I think we should need to get controls ready.

6:43 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Ok, so I will reduce that lowest, just to put it at the bottom, and this one is also on waiting.  so they show integrity hub for Rumeu, don't worry about it. Okay. Okay. And focus on this one, grateful for approval on any form.  the idea that we had for this was to, it was here. Okay. So the idea we had for this was just to create this, this component, right?  I believe we kind of drew this together, even very quickly, we drafted this when I either, like, there's all the comment box, right?  Very simple thing to implement. Not the prettiest but good to begin with, that if I approve and I have comments or if I don't approve and I also have comments, I can just type them in and there's a way of putting feedback on it, right?  And this, the way we see it is that this is a component that we could just append to the end of every form.  Does this make sense?

8:01 - Ivan Ćelić
  Yeah, we can not have it doesn't necessarily have to be part of form. can have it like either in every form or like outside of form, but still on the same page.  We can discuss that.

8:13 - A L
  But even it's not going to look like this, right? Because you're going to use the same AS survey template that doesn't look like this or is the space off of the page?  Is it common box?

8:23 - Ivan Ćelić
  What would I'm missing a bit context? What will this comment refer to the general? Yeah, yeah, you're right. It won't be part of, no, no, no.

8:33 - A L
  So it won't be part of survey.

8:35 - Ivan Ćelić
  This approval and not approval part will be outside of the form. So we will not use the form library for the template.  We'll use, we'll have it outside because it doesn't have to be so we won't have it. So comment and reject is outside, but for, but for, but for carbon reporting, you don't need to approve or reject, right?

8:56 - A L
  Not for carbon reporting for like the four, but for the.

9:00 - Ivan Ćelić
  Then we won't have it once we need to approve and reject when they come in okay, and we won't have it Yeah, that's fine, but so just to make sure we're talking about the same thing When you say outside you mean outside like this Outside do you mean outside like this Yeah, yeah, it's just won't be part of the form it will be on the same page and everything it just doesn't it doesn't have to look the same Was in like form and it won't be part of the form Overall rejections are something we had as an external thing forms form is like a box for itself And then everything around it is done by us additional to the form.  Maybe there's a way to explain it Perfect, so yeah, that's it something that's components, right?

9:55 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay. Okay. Yeah something like that. Yeah, okay, and if we

10:00 - Ivan Ćelić
  that if we do it that way we can have we can decide on on these situations we want to show it on the situations we don't need to show it right yes it answers i think abis uh concerned about forms where where this is not needed okay yes yeah and then but you know like quick question like the way that um Romeo designed it now you're not going to design it like this right Ivan or do you have a is this based off a template that you already have are you talking about form content right now form itself like if you look at this like a light blue yeah like will you be able to make it look like this yeah background is not a problem i i think even our forms currently yeah the the only problem we might have is this at the top that's my concern but but i have to check because our survey library supports this they support pages in the form okay for sure so you can have multiple pages which is visible by clicking next next next and they have a like a navigator to the right and to the top it doesn't look like this so you might be able to quickly  we come up with some solution temporarily. But we can have pages, that's no problem. Yeah, they looked a little different than our other ones.

11:07 - A L
  So yeah, that's fine.

11:09 - Ivan Ćelić
  Maybe as I said, this top part navigation one, maybe it won't look like this, but we'll figure something out for the first iteration.

11:15 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, but just to be sure, I prefer to be cautious on this one. So right now, we have this coded and we are changing this design, correct?  Yes. Okay.

11:26 - Ivan Ćelić
  But here, you are not inputting anything in the form. Here, you're just viewing the form. That's key information also.  Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, I get it.

11:35 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So when we look at this, I was under the impression that this was kind of the new design. It is not the new design?

11:46 - A L
  This was, I think this was a new design that you guys had created that I think looks really good.  It's just that I know that Yvonne has some limitations with the forms programs that they picked. So I don't know if they have...  Actually, it's time limitation more than...

12:00 - Ivan Ćelić
  form a library limiter. We can make it look like this, but it just requires some time that I would rather maybe use for something else right now and then adjust the design.  I think we should have the design, keep doing it that way. But the drop-down won't have this error, it will have a different error.  That would be a difference. It won't have like rounded edges, like four pixels if we have a slightly less rounded edges, but like that.  I'm talking about that stuff. We can adjust it to look like this, but I would rather skip it for now.  If you haven't it close enough, then I think the template is close enough.

12:29 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, and we can adjust some details like background if it's not good or something.

12:33 - Ivan Ćelić
  We can always do that. That's a small change. But I think you should design the proper way, you should design the proper way so that we have it for future when we have it today.  Okay, okay.

12:44 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Because we have perfect, just want to be sure that we don't design the wrong thing because we have Yeah, which is this task.  This task here of the design of read only view for foreign submissions, right? yeah, yeah.

13:07 - Ivan Ćelić
  Okay. Romeo, wait, wait, sorry. Didn't you do that already? With that blue model that looks same like policy, isn't that this page?  No, that's for controls.

13:27 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  What we did, that thing was, was controls. But what's this then?

13:31 - Ivan Ćelić
  This is not controls. What you're talking about.

13:34 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, no, so what, what we did was we did this thing.

13:39 - Ivan Ćelić
  Yes, Yes, for approval, read only view for approval, deployment and so on. Yeah.

13:48 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  but this task is for, it was my understanding that it was for submissions.

13:56 - Ivan Ćelić
  my God. Okay, my bad. My bad. All clear. It's clear on my side. Since for when users submit something and we need to review it.  So the page you showed me is not the correct page. Just for reference. So the page that you showed me in the whole system is not the correct page for this.  Yeah, OK. all good.

14:13 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  OK, but which one is the correct page?

14:16 - A L
  In the whole system, I can show you right now.

14:19 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  OK. Give me a second.

14:21 - Ivan Ćelić
  Or just tell me how to get there. Send me the link and I'll send you. Yeah, I'll send you the link.  OK. Second, I'm almost there. I have to create this mission. I have to create a submission. Yeah, I cannot show you this without creating actual submission with the problem.  I can, I can. Ah, I cannot. Yeah, I cannot create a submission. Which is the lack of the software developer, I know.

14:56 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, I'll figure something out in there. But basically, if you can take a screenshot and just drop it on, because I think my main concern here is let's make sure we're doing the thing that needs to be done and better to be more cautious and on that.  Okay, so regarding that, the highest priority for now is that task update the design of read only view for firm submissions.  Correct? And then we move on to adjusting other carbon reporting for the offices because we have these designs, but the questions that are here are not the right ones.  Okay, and then we'll have to focus on creating a way to distinguish between admin, then we'll have to create a way to distinguish between admin and...  review on the home page probably if you guys remember we are copying the employee portal design to use on the admin view right on the on the software correct okay so we are using something that looks like this to something that looks like this to replace the home here which we don't have right now i believe right doesn't work yeah but that's after controls that's that's so this is our chapter after controls priority wise if i'm not mistaken right okay well is this after controls or not i think what we're sorry isn't that something else what is it this home page

17:00 - Ivan Ćelić
  for admins, is that before controls, in the middle of controls, or after controls prioritize? What do you mean? When should we do this, after we are done with controls, or before controls?  Control for the next big thing, right?

17:17 - A L
  What do you mean? The bottom part is required for controls to be complete. But I think we're discussing slightly different things.  So for context.

17:29 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Right now, the platform, we don't have the dashboard, right? It doesn't exist yet. We begin on the compliance map.  One of the things that we've discussed together was, let's just use the design of the employee view and change it a little bit, right?  And so there's a design task here to be done, which is to make this look distinctive from the employee view and the admin view, which is this task.  And right now, this task is set as high priority. Yes, is this task higher priority than all the other things related to controls or not?

18:06 - A L
  Distinguished between admin and home. I guess like how do I answer this like it doesn't matter but it needs to be done before we launch.  So it's probably at the same priority as the other one.

18:20 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, let's make it really easy and let's make it create a quick way to distinguish. I mean this is yeah this will not be sophisticated okay and maybe and this is I'm doing a design crime right now but maybe this is it and we have a play home page that's already done more or less I mean the first version of it so we need to create admin home page and that's what you're trying to do now right create basically admin home page with some data in it right yeah some task management follow-up kind of thing yeah okay okay but so we have an important  Yes, and it will have this bottom part with forms for controls, but that's it, we have it coded, Okay, so we need just to make it look different enough that it's obvious that it is for employees, right?  Which is a little bit of a vague requirement, so let's just agree for the sake of speed, let's agree on this call to make a compromise or a trade-off.  But different from what?

19:30 - Ivan Ćelić
  So this is the employee view, right?

19:33 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  yes.

19:33 - Ivan Ćelić
  And we're going to reuse this for the admin view.

19:37 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, okay. And I don't think that that's too much of a problem, honestly, because they shouldn't be using the same things at the same time, but anyway, just make it different.  What's the minimum amount of difference we are okay with using for this?

19:54 - Ivan Ćelić
  I don't think we have to care too much about this, to be honest. How many users in our organization will be both admins?  please at the same time. Honestly, I think you are speaking about very low percentage, right? Yeah, it could look, I don't mind it looking so similar as long as it's in the dashboard.  For now, yeah.

20:10 - A L
  Even if we change the color, it's fine, and like, it doesn't mean like, yeah, but yeah.

20:15 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, okay, but I'm fine with that. It's just that this came out of some discussion. At some point we considered that this was important, so I don't mind dropping the priority on that.

20:29 - A L
  No, it is important, but I guess my point is like, if you look at our current dashboard page, it doesn't work with our new design.  So as long as that is updated in the quickest, easiest way possible to kind of match the employee portal one, I think that's fine.  whether or not it, yeah, with like, you know, that guy with pencil or whatever, like, and I throw him on, like, if you go to admin portal here, if you go  the admin portal and then go to like dashboard. Oh, I don't know if you can get to the dashboard from there.

21:04 - Ivan Ćelić
  You can go to home right app.forgepad.co slash home right at the URL. Just home. Well, that looks really weird.

21:18 - A L
  That's not the correct dashboard. Maybe you have to do slash dashboard.

21:22 - Ivan Ćelić
  You just do without anything just remove home and then then click enter. think that's what I was trying to see.

21:31 - A L
  So this design, like the tasks requiring actions, the tasks, okay, those two need to be renamed, but that needs to be ready for the launch of the controls, because eventually all of the controls when we launch them are going to come into this task one where they can follow.  I'm not sure that we're going to have the dashboard ready. We might have some of the number ones ready.  How many have submitted in those? Maybe I don't know if we're going to have the dashboards ready by that, but maybe we have some  numbers. So this needs to be updated. can we throw it, like if we need to be, or we could just do it like this.  don't know, like, Iman, like, do we? Yeah, I mean, the right part is fine.

22:14 - Ivan Ćelić
  I guess we can fill it in with tasks and maybe do it employees.

22:17 - A L
  That's another thing, like, do we, it's like more that this needs to be done, like, whether or not it's, I'm fine if it looks just like this.  It's just updated and it's working. Like, for me, that's fine. but like, if we want to optimize, guess, maybe it's good that it's matching.  So I would say maybe, like, spend the time on getting the other parts of the control first. And then if we have time, then if we have time, then, then do that redesign.  And then we just kind of use that in the meantime. Okay, let me just, I think I got it.

22:50 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  But I'm being annoying with this thing because I think it's best if we make it short. this thing exports to, okay, go.  Okay, now I place this thing, so sharing the tab, okay? So these two things at the bottom, they are developed, okay?  This thing is not developed, right? Yes.

23:22 - Ivan Ćelić
  If we need to, and we have right now- wait, wait, what's not developed? you repeat again? This thing? No, that is developed.

23:30 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  That is developed. That's employee home page.

23:34 - Ivan Ćelić
  Okay, I'm in the employee home page. Yes, you're missing the bottom part, which is developed actually, but hidden under the release controls.  The bottom part with all the boxes where you submit a form, that's done.

23:47 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  But this looks, okay, I don't mind. Go to phone.

23:52 - A L
  That's a problem I noticed, when you go to employee portal, it always goes into overview. set, we should change that.  I noticed this one. Yeah, we can do that. That's not a problem.

24:05 - Ivan Ćelić
  Yeah, it's not completely there, but we're missing one widget, but the main part on the page is done.

24:12 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, just sorry, I need a minute. So we have this thing which is based on this thing. This is coded, which is great.  Yes. Right. And there was a thought about making this thing look more like this thing, right?

24:27 - A L
  Yeah.

24:28 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  But it seems that maybe we don't need that. So I'm confused, why would we adapt the admin view to the employee view?  Is because of these numbers, can we just hide this div?

24:42 - A L
  Yeah, we might be able to hide these numbers, but this was based off of a different design, right? I still think Romeo designs are cooler, right?  So if you make the other ones, but it's not urgent, I would say, like it's more important that the functionality works in terms of launch.  I don't think this looks horrible in terms of this design. I think it's pretty, right?

24:58 - Ivan Ćelić
  The map with the overall

25:02 - A L
  like that little like little son person that I feel like we need to get rid of like yeah that can that should be removed but other than that if we just remove that son place with the guy with the big pencil like with that you know would that be enough right to be consistent yeah replace the that little son with the guy with the big pencil on the whatever to match or like a different one then then that might be good enough for now I guess as long as we're able to pull data in from the thing you know okay so in terms of okay so in terms of design tasks we need to rename this yeah but the thing is on Figma do we have this thing which thing yeah it's a good question I don't know sure we yeah but we do I could that came from did it come from yeah it's a it's from eggs so that it's in the iteration one

26:00 - Ivan Ćelić
  we created it on Figma so go to iteration one and let me you can maybe zoom in on me I'll try to find it so here's the situation I want to avoid if these are small adjustments I don't want us to replicate the thing on maybe it isn't on Figma no yeah don't replicate it you can just copy it and do small adjustments on it as far as okay can you go there can you go there and yeah it's loading yeah I'm just it's a big one yeah okay more book okay somewhere hold on if it's not there then I know where it is hold on yeah it's not there I know where it is it's in design screen page yeah here are you following yes you are this is it so you can take it from here and then adjust it okay so the name is already here right incoming requests yeah should we call them submissions or requests are these requests fine  Incoming, it doesn't matter, yes, emissions.

27:03 - A L
  Yeah, okay, put something, whatever, yeah.

27:05 - Ivan Ćelić
  Okay, so we kill this guy.

27:08 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah. Yep.

27:09 - A L
  And then we kill the top environmental social governance, possibly, yeah, come on together.

27:16 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And we bring the pencil man here, right? pencil man, yeah, thank you, name of him.

27:25 - A L
  Where are you?

27:27 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'm just looking if there's anything more, but this is the same page, yeah.

27:31 - Ivan Ćelić
  Where were you? Because we were deleting something.

27:33 - A L
  You're right there, he's there, more popular developer in the yellow one. the right. Sorry, are you following me or not?

27:39 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  No, I stopped following you, okay. So basically, anyway, this is bad, but it's put it here, right? Yeah, that's it, yeah.

27:54 - Ivan Ćelić
  You have the rest down, yeah.

27:57 - A L
  Okay.

27:59 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, maybe Roman could do

28:00 - A L
  fix that up really quickly I don't know and I think it's easy for me to drop bad stuff there but it takes a little longer to correct so yeah but my question is whatever what will be these from the control we'll be able to set up automatically so when they come in we start to have some because a lot of these are going to be forms right so what what will be these numbers what exactly will be these numbers well right now be empty but we can we can decide when we get there like do we want to like highlight this sponsorships or do we want to highlight just the trainings and policy deployments but we need to know now from the development side to do it because I mean these graphs are there but the numbers are not real so what should we show on the numbers I guess we have to have another conversation because like ideally everything that's like the thing of our tool being data centric is like like all the submissions we need to just count them and we should have a graph to be able to count them as they come in for you to the controls right or like you know

29:00 - Ivan Ćelić
  start with that maybe we can start with number of submissions per control or something like that I mean and then go from there yeah we have this I'm kind of visualization of them before but I think we could do that last maybe okay then and then do that yeah okay then another question is these two so tasks are probably related to setting up controls right set up control to that deployed and incoming requests are basically submissions right from the employees so there are two different things am I correct oh this is tasks are tasks I give example of tasks deploy control approve control set up control these are the type of the tasks and then the income requests is actually when someone submits something when employees submit gifts register or something right then it comes in here comes in where I only see it

30:00 - A L
  Oh my god, sorry, yeah, not sharing it. Can you just follow me, please?

30:04 - Ivan Ćelić
  I don't think so, that we don't switch. Yeah, my bad.

30:09 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Oh, yeah, this one.

30:11 - A L
  This one. I'm talking about these two.

30:12 - Ivan Ćelić
  So the top one is like tasks for your control, do this, do that, blah, blah, And then the bottom one is not control for you, but policies and so on.  And here is the bottom one is for incoming submissions. But my question is how do we show stuff related to policies?  Does it show up here?

30:33 - A L
  So anything you haven't done, it's in here. And it kind of follows you the different ways until you actually press approve or deploy.  My question is how do we get these colors?

30:48 - Ivan Ćelić
  This is my question. We don't have these icons for now, our way to set the icons. We also, what happens when you click this, all, see all buttons?

30:57 - A L
  Where do we go? people I think we can maybe just change it with icons that like Romeo can find icons for each of the different conflicts so we need to figure out what are all the controls that put little icons towards the controls so that can also work for graphs and have the icon next to it so you know which ones and then I would say that like this is just like a high level one and then when you see our request you get that big long list like you have for the deployment that's in this page here so you can like that you get like that for but for everything okay okay yeah can we just get that in the design on the in one place so that we have all of these things in one place so this page and then when you click this yeah but maybe we should do it at the end because I feel like okay because yeah we could do this at that because Romeo needs to get an overview of all the controls that we have and once we've coded all of the controls will be clear to  like okay or maybe he can find it somewhere already now but it's like we have like you know I don't know how many seven governance controls and then three environmental ones that we're creating so all of those like I think it's better to do it at the end then we can summarize everything it's like okay it's coded in and how do we summarize it to go in there I'm not sure because I think there's gonna be more as we go.

32:19 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I would not use icons okay okay because I think color tags are better because icons they only work when the person can see what the icon means yeah and like a lot of times and then they remember the icon right and then they are so small there's so many of them about things that are honestly for a non-practitioner the same thing that is impossible to make relevant icons so it's much better to just use the color with the with the name and that's faster okay yeah and then eventually we need to think about this and maybe this is the approver part but the test management part like how are we going to build that I just thought

33:00 - A L
  about that for task requiring action. You can imagine that people want to set some own tasks. But maybe that's another conversation that we need to have in terms of thinking how test management and control can be set up.

33:13 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I would refrain from launching the option of creating your own tasks at this stage, because then people will use it in the wrong way, and they'll put in tasks that are not related to compliance.  Yeah. So I think it's really invaluable. This is an assumption on my side. But I think it's really valuable to know everything that I need to do that is not vague.  It's really I need to do it. It's there. And then, oh, I should send an email to that guy about that thing that's related to compliance, but it's outside of the regulation.

33:48 - A L
  Because right compliance is compliance. I was just talking to one of our investors this morning, and I was showing her the content management thing.  And she was like, whoa, this is really awesome, because actually one of our requirements from the first Financial Investment Authority is I need to get an audit trail of who's received these certain financial policies for investment So I could like update or honor a thing and then like you know and then like create a policy and send it So I think I think we have to have that flexibility that like our tool might be used for something else But we're just not creating the content for it But we can we can talk about and see like the feedback But I do think like that will be like, you know We really got that feedback from several of our pilots like Mari and some other people It's like I want to be able to like be on top of my tasks and do that So I'm feeling like this is more and more of like a workflow tool like it's coming into that But we're like populating it with with content, but I think we have enough to do right now So we can Think about it But I do feel that that's going to be a portion that we might need to yeah We're gonna have to build in and what that that's in that employee portal on that main page where it says like Has to do you click on it and it could be like add new tasks and that's where you track it That could be a possibility You know that that we have like any user and new tasks or something  But yeah, it's fine. think let's do we have enough for controls, I guess, to move on? where are you, like in terms of development and stuff like?  So we started implementing.

35:13 - Ivan Ćelić
  Today we started working on the Controls page, and the next one is Controls Details page, the one that you see on your screen.  That's what we started working on. The left side we started working on, and the next after that comes this right side, Control Details page.  OK.

35:31 - A L
  And how long will that last you, too? Monday or Tuesday? Probably Monday, Tuesday, something like that.

35:36 - Ivan Ćelić
  And then we have to do the archive stuff for the policies communications. We have to add archives, so that's also in the pipeline to do, probably beginning next week.  So those are the two next things we are working on. OK.

35:53 - A L
  So then, and then, so then. Romeo has enough to work on Controls, yes. that will be able to deliver something on Monday or Tuesday that they can start working on after that, right?  I guess it's like, if there's enough to work on it, but then it comes in Friday, then that doesn't help because then they'll have Wednesday and Thursday waiting for something like, so what will be ready?  Yes, I think historically we have up the pace quite a bit.

36:17 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So I think it's very safe to assume that, given that we already have designs for controls and they're just changing the content the questions asked on the controls, there will be things done for sure.  Maybe not the entire suite of all the different controls and forms, but there will be things done that development team will not be sitting on their hands.  Yeah, okay.

36:36 - A L
  No, that's good, but I just quick question. Yvonne, when do you think we'll be done with controls then? you know, it's like, again, you say two weeks, right?  I'd like to see what's, so we need to do this to pages that you see.

36:51 - Ivan Ćelić
  We need to do carbon reporting, one and two, office and the other one, right? That needs to be done.  We need to add in all the forms, all the order. are actually in if I'm not mistaken, more or less, because we did it initially, so that's fine.  We have to do this home page dashboard that we just did. I don't know, it's probably two weeks, something like that.  I have to check everything in one place. I would like to see all the flows possible in one place.  The forms here, but that's what I'm saying.

37:19 - A L
  Forms are mainly done, that's not a problem. The forms aren't done, least they're not in the tool. I don't know you've done the form somewhere else, but within the tool, they're not.

37:28 - Ivan Ćelić
  Zao, if you go to compliance map page and again hack it and write compliance map in the app. Compliance map.  And then right after compliance map at the top, write slash controls. Compliance map slash controls. Enter. Yeah, go governance please.  Yes, so try to open any of these. Open expenses.

38:00 - A L
  Yeah, I see. That's a conflict.

38:01 - Ivan Ćelić
  They're not good. Okay.

38:02 - A L
  Okay. see. So they haven't been updated like the only like none of those have been updated. I checked it.

38:07 - Ivan Ćelić
  these are not but actually the ones we have on the okay, maybe. Yeah, right. Okay. I'll check. I don't know.  Because when you as an employee when you go to submissions, you can actually create a new one. So go go right now slash submissions employees.  There's submissions. Yeah, because you cannot click. So you should enable it. So now click on any of these forms.  So this is this is scroll down a bit. This is and then at the top you have a drop down at the top of this.  You have a drop down click on it. So this is what we have currently. Okay, those aren't controls though.

38:50 - A L
  This is a type of one go to ethics survey. example, I know ethics survey doesn't contain. Yeah, because we haven't created it yet.  Yeah, okay. This probably

39:00 - Ivan Ćelić
  conflict of interest different forms are none of the forms are okay I see no so that's like like how much time on the take or is there anything that we can do in terms of setting up the forms we can let me talk with the guys and then then maybe we can also give you some some we give you to create this form because they're usually created by Dragon and dropping stuff on the UI in the right in or a Brighton can help yeah for sure yeah let me let me discuss it Monday morning with the guys and then and then I'll get back to you but it shouldn't take too much but at least it will take a total of one person day or something like that you know to add all the mean because there's lots of them like that we can get governance like done by by the end of next week then then we're pretty close because we have all the forms for governance you're kind of updating the two so just put them in that's that's the only yeah so we should be at least by G but done by next week so then yeah I just have to it should be in it's just a question of other stuff we have to do other stuff around the forms so forms are  the least least part I'm concerned about we have to do the functionalities but but if we have most of it we just need to redo it and look and test it so yeah let's let's let's talk one day again and then yeah then we can just say do we try to get g's done by next week and then we try to have all of e at least designed by the end of next week so then you can confirm e the following week or something like that yeah for regarding the design I mean it's it's just a structure where will each input go so in in the element but yeah okay let's let's do it let's let's do it like that then let's let's move forward yeah okay well then I think it's uh very good is there anything else shall I um let me see no no okay no but I think this is very good I think um thank you I'll say it in person again for I guess Borna and Oz aren't here but thank you for all your help in getting this out it's super exciting to be able to have your app in person and Yvonne  seen this from the beginning, from when we were talking, gosh, a year ago, right? actually, it was a year ago.  just remember that I joined in something in February or something like that. Exactly. a year that we've seen. it was so exciting when I was going through it with investors.

41:15 - A L
  And I like one of our other investors this morning, she's like, Oh, wow, that's cool. You know, like, was like, Oh, my God, it's coming.  It's real. So it's exciting. Yeah, for your help with that and everything. So but okay, then let's enjoy the weekend.  Well, I guess the Brazilian are still working, they're still happy, but we're going to check out soon. But thank you guys for your help.  Thank you too. And enjoy it.

41:36 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Okay, thank you.

41:38 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Bye.