---
title: Fortifai Design Sync
date: '2025-03-31T14:00:00.000000Z'
duration: 25m
participants:
- João
- Abbey Lin
source: https://fathom.video/calls/263776340
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:07:01.975112+00:00'
---

Fortifai Design Sync - March 31
VIEW RECORDING - 34 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/JbmCHKspB4gZZCHr4E2GGSAVnm8vG7zL

---

0:00 - A L
  Sometimes, especially when you're talking about compliance and stuff, Xiaowa talking about AI note takers, that people don't like having the AI note taker because they're talking about company things.  so then it's like, but then it's also like, we'll have a conversation. I'm like, I wish I had this note on the background because it'll make it so much easier to, you know.

0:19 - Ivan Ćelić
  You can look into Granola AI. It's a very simple tool, but I like it for some meetings. It takes notes in the background.  It's just pure notes transcription. you can also have, if someone wants to know someone that you have a meeting, can also, it can say like, hey, I'm using this to transcribe.  So maybe that's something.

0:43 - A L
  And so it doesn't show up, but it doesn't show up like on your, like it doesn't show up like Romeo's or Xiaowa's.

0:49 - Ivan Ćelić
  No, no, it doesn't. It just listens to the audio. It doesn't record screen. It just listens to the audio and just transcribes.  It basically helps you like exactly what you want to do. It just helps you write. Oh, it's for yourself.  It's not like you need to view the video or something again. Yeah. Okay.

1:08 - A L
  I was just thinking also when I like talk with customer potential customers, like I had one day and then yeah.

1:14 - Ivan Ćelić
  Okay. Hey, Joe.

1:15 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Hello. So on that. So my wife works with compliance. She started using Fathom. just ask, is it okay? Most people say it's okay.  And sometimes they're doing like real sensitive things like internal investigations. And most people okay. So I think for product feedback, it's unlikely that people will prefer to have it.  Yeah.

1:38 - A L
  Okay. That's good to know. Fathom. I look at that one too. Yeah. really like it.

1:44 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay. Okay. me see. Have you tried any other ones?

1:49 - A L
  Like Fireflies or some of the other ones?

1:52 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I think I did at the start. think I did. But I don't know why it didn't stick. think Fathom  just very easy to use and the more people that use it then you get like the premium credits and the premium credits uh you get action points besides the so the free version just gives you a transcript and it's kind of a chat chat with it yeah but the more advanced versions uh they give you decisions and they give you hints on how much you're talking or they even let you compare with different like sales methodologies and product feedback methodologies and they say for spin selling you did really well for instance I've seen some that go like they can read the people's faces and they're being like you know they're happy or they're not happy and then like the customer ones I don't know does Fathom have that or no I don't think so no like for instance we're on Fathom right and yeah yeah well what let me show you what I have on my side  So Fatem shows me, where is it? There's a little widget. I can share my entire screen with you guys.  My entire screen, my screen can share. There's this thing here, you see here at the side? yeah. So sometimes if I start talking too much, it shows monologue alerts, like you're talking too much.  And I can just also tag the conversation. Oh, this was a positive reaction. I never used this stuff. Yeah, yeah.  OK. it's looking good. OK. Good to know.

3:35 - A L
  Yes. So I listened to the mom test. I was disappointed to get the book, because it didn't come in time.  was supposed to be delivered on Friday. And then it was like, oh, deliver to Tuesday. And I was leaving on Saturday.  So I could probably have to buy the book from here. yeah. But it was a very high level summary.  So it didn't go into kind of concrete tips, but it was good to hear. Yeah.

3:59 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  In terms of. concrete tips? you see, I think I sent you on an email, what I used for my own customer discovery calls.  Yeah. It's like a one pager of ideas. But I think the main point that stuck with me is just simplifying the process so that we do more of it and we get benefits.  Yeah.

4:26 - A L
  I think the challenge is like a lot of it. I just had another call that came in through. It's like a lot of people are thinking about it.  But then they're like, oh, well, it's not mandatory and there's CSRD and it's on our list. then I like at one point, I'm like not really selling right now.  I'm like, yeah, so I'm not sure for the right fit for you. And then they'll come back back. Oh, no, but you know, we get a lot of questionnaires from people and it'd be nice if we could just have one questionnaire respond to people in.  But like, you know, so like several of them I've like set up meetings in two months, they like follow up when we're like far along.  So I'm honest with them when my things are changing with the SME and whatever. But I think it's that that challenge of like, what are they going to make  them like just like you know do it like it's kind of like uh yeah like I feel like it's like a nice to have and you know versus like uh what makes you do what makes you do thoughts uh talk to and uh iso it's because big companies are asking for that's the only reason right that's why people would do it so until big companies ask for it and I'm like trying to talk to the tailors and the large companies and even the banks but just because this came out a month ago it hasn't it hasn't trickled down like I was talking to the bank where we sit out of like being like what are you guys doing about this and they're like uh I'm not sure you know so it's so new but like let's hope like we're on the right wave or it can be like okay no but people are like oh we need to do something but um but it's Romeo joining this so I don't know it seems like if there is anything for him he I did make some comments on the last one that he did in the chat but I don't yeah I don't think he'd seen it or so I'm trying to talk to him and I'm  On the back channels So maybe we'll just while he answers we just Yeah, we can tap you

7:00 - Ivan Ćelić
  until she comes back. Come eat now, Castle.

7:10 - A L
  I'm just getting my kids food. Okay, now I'm going to go down to the office. All right. You guys can get yourself milk.  Okay, so on that thing, I saw your feedback.

7:26 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  We'll check with Romeo when he comes in. I asked him. didn't reply. Because later today we will talk about the S&E, right?  I printed out the document and ready it made some notes. So I think that's for that discussion. For this daily discussion.

7:43 - A L
  I don't know if we need like these daily discussions anymore. guess part of tonight is also to discuss like next steps, because I know Yvonne is also interested in next steps, because like he has a, know, and I need to talk with Mal.  I think Mal will be joining too, because I think Mal has some ideas on next steps. figure out what we're going to do.  I was talking with Yvonne a little bit in terms of like kind of thinking about our product. Like over the like in April I would like to have a grip of understanding of BSME and how would we have an idea of where direction we want to go because I also feel that we need to do a little bit more AI.  I was talking with Yvonne about this where it's like some of the feedback we see from our customers or even just the use of our product is like nobody even has time to do anything on the product.  They want the least amount of time possible for success and it's like how much can we you know have AI do a lot or generate a lot for them as part of the process and how do we also create a mode that not everyone uses chat GPT and they could do it without us but that we actually have something to add into that process and like to really understand like when we go through the product what can AI do here what can AI not do here what do we need to do what kind of designs do we need to change like even with our policy management process you know having it to have AI generate it rather  than having a lot of templates because that could be less overwhelming, right? They can just like all of them into the back end and it just generates the one they want rather than having to have like 50 templates of 50 different policies, right?  So like there's like things that I know how to change the design for that but I also feel that's almost like I was telling this guy I was making stuff up as I was talking to him he was like yeah you know what's going on with your product and I was like can you show me your product and I'm well because of BS and me we're changing everything but we might even do it like a series of workshops like we have six workshops where you where we manually go through the process and then we automate it and then you know and then afterwards when we give it to you then we charge you you know like like 5,000 euro you know once it's complete but at least we do it like kind of consultancy why why are we building because everything is new and we learn how to do it so it's like should we break up?

9:47 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  How did he react to that?

9:49 - A L
  He didn't he didn't have any he was like okay like I think he liked the free part so he didn't he I don't I don't think I care like I what I see from our customers is that I don't think they they just want it done so whether we do it on consultant  versus what we do on technology, it's, they don't mind. I think they just want it done. Like they want, like they really will have integrity, have readily ready can brag about it and they have their numbers, like whatever.  But I think they didn't seem to care. He was just more getting it, getting it done. so I think that could be a possibility that we, you know, spend some time really understanding each one because we haven't successfully kind of implemented anything because we have set up the thing for ISO 14001 but we hadn't finished the controls.  We hadn't finished the thing but nobody's actually implemented our tool. And I feel like instead of trying to build something and then try to implement it is that we learn how to do it offline first and then we can do some of the back end and like we can be like, okay, give us your invoices and then we do it on the back end for them and then like, and then give it to them.  So, but obviously collect the data from them and we know what they have and what they don't have in the process a few times.  And then we build based off that or we build at the same time and then we launch. So it's a manual process that we can.  charge for because they're getting a result from that, you know?

11:04 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I like that idea. I like the idea of developing the first-hand knowledge on how you actually get to Vietnamese.  So I is how we'll, sorry this will be, right? It is in the name that is voluntary, right? It's like the first thing on the name.  So I agree with you that if we don't have the law in our sales, we need to go symbolic and go into the branding and go into the employer branding and that kind of name.  So it feels to me that we need to

12:00 - A L
  we need to figure out a group of people that has a strong enough motivation not related to just you know following the law and maybe I think this is perhaps a broader conversation but basically if we're looking for highly motivated companies maybe there are some characteristics of companies that will you know let us figure it out like I don't know big-corp companies I think all of our pilots will come in and join and let us figure it out manually like I've already got an indication that they will and they're interested so I don't so I think we have enough to test out the methodology and that's kind of what we we should have probably done it before but we have to look at the whole methodology first so we're kind of learning oh yeah you need to do this okay oh yeah you need to do this but now with the SME everyone's on the same playing field so everybody's trying to learn it at the same time now so I think it's if we take like we really understand B2 you know and then be like okay this is what you need and if you look through it like they're not some I think I feel like  carbon reporting on the water part is going to be the hardest. The rest of them is like, have you been charged with a felony for a bribery?  It's like, no. Like, you know, that's like that one's done, right? There's some, like with them, there are some that are very hard and then we kind of mess it out and then we see, okay, how do we do this in a good way?  So, and I think that like that will, I think a lot of marketing, I think that that's my challenge.  It's like, how simplified can we do it and can we get away with doing it so that we can go to market quicker with it, so they can have something that they can brag about quicker.  I think that's what they're going to want care about.

13:34 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah. So I think my point, maybe I don't know how well I made my point, but my point was not about looking for these companies to do the research, because I think you can just start doing the research right now, but go to market motion, right?  So this is an illustration. What I'm going to say is just an illustration, place, not an actual idea. Can we find co-working spaces that are socially oriented and help them pre-feel like the water consumption and so on and give that to their own, to the companies that work at those workspaces, because they have selected at workspaces.  And so when I talk about who is sufficiently motivated to go through the trouble, even if it's not necessary, this is what I'm thinking about.

14:34 - A L
  Yeah, definitely. We have that because we have three investors that have portfolio companies, so we can easily go to them and be like, we'll help you guys for free and get all these ones.  that's definitely possible. And this is why I want to go through the process with you in creating one of these workshops through the stock process, because that's always the first question.  It's like, how much of this time is this going to take? What do you actually need from me? And that's where I...  like I'm not sure can I get away with saying I only need one hour of your time and then we get everything can I get away with saying that I don't know I think I need to kind of walk through and reality check some of these boxes to see what can be done offline quickly what would we need I kind of create like a manual how would we do this if we were this manually and then how would we do it like that and they kind of break that down into steps and then automate those processes because we know we won't be able to scale without having a technology there yeah so sure sure also I think there's an aspect that could really simplify the testing all of these things relate to each other right so that's difficult to manage sometimes but for instance the more complex things are always related to industrial companies right like waste energy and energy yeah kind of like this company was like like the one I talked to was like this fish farming like they did services to fish  farming, and they're like, have you worked with any companies like us before? And I have said no, because we've been avoiding companies like yours because of all of these, like, you know, ones.  But I almost had to say, like, I was trying to explain to him, like, in so 14,001, where you have to implement up a lot of policies and procedures, and you have to do that risk management part that we were talking about, that's where it gets really complex, whether you're fishing, whether you're banking, whether you're an oil rig, because once you put those risks, you deep dive into them, right?  And we have to do that. But VSME actually simplified this, because they got rid of the risk assessment. So they're like, screw the risk assessment, you'll notice it's not even in there at all, because that's one of the biggest requirements for CSRD.  And they just said, give us your GHG emissions, give us your water, which actually makes it a lot easier gel, because then all you need is the same invoices that you would need for a fishing company versus a total company, you might have more sites, you know, that you need to be able to get that.  But it simplifies it under VSME compared to CSRD, because you don't have the whole risk assessment part where you need to go into, like, and you don't have that supplier part where you need  go into your fist feed supplier or whatever like it's really simplified it that it can be sector agnostic in in that way which um which might make it easier to hit more companies because it's more like what is your invoice related to this you know and and that I think I don't know as we dive into it maybe we'll see more but that was just kind of my my gut feeling is what that like without without the double materiality or the assessment and the third party risk management section you know those two sections we're building which are natural parts of of this they've gotten rid of it in vsm e those are the more complicated ones the second thing i would like to talk to with evan about this is like one is like the products that small medium-sized companies use right like they they get compliant quickly or they get vsm e quickly the second product which i think is another option is working with large companies like teleno our big companies who have to go as part of csrd they need to ask questionnaires to these small companies because they're part of their supply chain right so  VSME says, hey, large companies should ask VSME to small companies, small companies should answer VSME, right? So how do these large companies, right now, they don't have a really a good way to collect VSME because it's one month old, right?  Right now, they send questionnaires, different questionnaires to different types of suppliers, different types of customers, and these customers are like, hey, I have one questionnaire from an investor, one from a customer, and they get really frustrated, so they're very happy to have VSME.  But like, what is that product that we also sell to large companies? It's like, can you tap into our VSME database?  Is there an API after we get like a hundred small companies that goes, I don't know, it's just something I see there's an opportunity with large companies also wanting to get our data or like, and then also small companies being okay to give their data so they don't have to send it twice or three times to different companies, but I'm not sure how it would actually work in practice, so I think I need to talk to some of the large companies and we have some large companies in our like Aqua Horizons, Aqua Carbon  after some of these will want to ask, like the one of HydroRain, the one that will probably lose because for BSME, they would still possibly be a candidate for BSME as in like, you know, a large company asking their supply chain for BSME.  Does that make sense? No, absolutely.

19:19 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I think we've addressed these points previously. So I think, okay, so for the purposes of this daily, were, because we will have a longer conversation on BSME.  So for the purposes of this daily, you were just questioning, should we keep the daily? Should we not keep the daily?  Can we perhaps, don't know, freeze it for a while and make these decisions?

19:48 - A L
  Yeah, I don't think, yeah, I don't think we need the dailies because that was more for keeping Romeo on track.  if Romeo, well, his assistants here, but if you don't want to know, you know, what we're going to do with that  And we can wait, I think for that. I don't know if there's any outstanding Romeo's work that he's working on.  Thank you.

20:07 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Let me open the, I was not under the impression that the delis were solely for Romeo, I thought they were useful in other ways as well.  yeah, so for now, because we have this big decision coming up, no, just create a custom policy and upload the.

20:32 - A L
  I think given that information, Ivan, the custom policy or like the edit, I don't think he's done that.

20:38 - Ivan Ćelić
  I see. Well, I think there's much to do on that policy one, right? I mean, much, I think we just need a button and the PDF display inside of a policies page, right?  That's it. And we are already working on that on the back end side. Work is already being done for that.  Because we know we're for sure. And then the front and side, I don't think there's. Lots to do there there is work to do but not much.  Yeah, I'm not sure about that one Okay, so just to be on the safe side There is a need for design of the greater custom policy or not really just the button No, I don't think there's no need to design anything right now to be honest I think the best way to to skip it because we can easily add a PDF viewer inside of policy page And we can easily add a button at the top for now.  Let's not complicate things maybe I Don't think it's necessary at this stage or with the current context in mind I don't think we need it from the design.  Otherwise, I would ask for it But right now depending on all things considered. I don't think we need it.

21:48 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It's not that crucial.

21:49 - Ivan Ćelić
  Okay, so my understanding is that there's no spending design stuff Yeah, as far as I understand yeah, it's it's now we are a bit on a crossroads all over the place  So once we know how we proceed, then I think we know if we need design, but I would say that I'm pretty sure we want the design right now at least for anything development-wise from development perspective and from the old feature perspective, the whole system.

22:19 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah. Now, I see it the same way. It doesn't make a lot of sense to design things right now, given that there's a big change, a big decision in course.  Okay. So I'll remove the next things.

22:42 - A L
  Yeah. Because you also, you have a workshop on Tuesday to Thursday, right? Yeah. Yeah. So we could also set up a follow-up meeting on Friday.  But I don't know. I guess we could discuss that on today's meeting to see. Yeah. I think I

23:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  What will be useful for perhaps today's meeting is that we get a very explicit and clear understanding of decisions, what we need in terms of information for those decisions.  And so then we can work towards getting that information. So for instance, it's just as way of illustration. We don't need to dive into this one.  Okay, so we are thinking about using VSME and we want to test out VSME manually. So that means that our next task is to design a meeting where we work with clients to do that, right?  But I think that that's it. We should just get clarity on which things are undefined.

24:00 - A L
  And I think we have to like make a decision because I think like from our clientele There's so much especially now that we go this vs me route.  They're really not They just want us to tell them what to do and when and to make it very clear.  So I think it's also like Even if that's manually like, know What it what is the best way to be able to gather the information and and that because I think as long as we Don't have to co-create with them like because they will have no opinion as long as we come to them and be like Okay, you want to do and I have meetings with all of them this week, right?  So it is like and we think within three weeks we can gather all the information and give you what you need for I don't know 2500 euro like I don't Like yeah, like I think maybe and that will probably take some digging into Into the process and and what it actually means And then coming to them with it because I have meetings with them this week So I'm probably gonna be like this is me.  Yes to me. This is coming. Are you are you still? OK, with us doing BSME, I think it's actually easier for you guys.  And they're most likely they'll say, yes, that's great. And it's like, OK, then I'm going to ask them the timing.  Like, now we're going into the need, you have timing for this or is it better after the summer to start doing something?  And I don't know what they're going to say. Some will be free. But then again, they're going to ask, how much of this time is this going to take me?  And all of them want to spend. I think what's been depressing over this process is realizing like, not that people don't care, but it is kind of that.  don't care about sustainability. They just want it done as they want, like they care about it, but they don't want to put any effort into it, which is like kind of the depressing thing.  But isn't it sorry to interrupt, isn't it the same like we did with SOC2 and ISO?

25:47 - Ivan Ćelić
  To be honest, at least I'm trying to be honest. Yeah, that was probably end style. mean, it's really is I really want to have it because then we can brag with it.  But I really don't care. just tell you what to do. I'll do it and leave me. That's it. Give me the badge.  exactly. It's just the way it is, unfortunately, yeah. No, it is.

26:05 - A L
  I think that's like kind of like, it's like my sadness of my ego, of my profession turning into a checkbox.

26:14 - Ivan Ćelić
  Yeah, I know. I understand that.

26:16 - A L
  But it is like, kind of that's my realization too, even talking with like, I'm like, I simplified it a lot already for you guys and you guys can't even do the simplified part and you guys just want it like as simple.  But at the same time, it's like, at least like we are more protected because we did talk to at least we have something better than that.  And I think it's like getting it down to even that level. Like I haven't been very much like, oh, I'm against reporting.  You need to implement. like, and I'm realizing like, nobody really wants to implement. They just want to report. Like, I think this is like, kind of the realization and like the thing.  And this is also why I think when we think about this and build it. It's like, what is like, there is no best practice anymore.  The best practice is the BSME. And that's not best practice in my book having worked in this already a lot, but it has become the best practice.  It's better than nothing because The SME is still more than what most companies are doing, right? it's like, it's, it is becoming a, like, it's still going to force people to do more.  And I think so that's the, the question is, how do you make a monetary thing out of it? How do you get them to do it now versus waiting, you know, five months until they get it?  And these are the things like, we make it so easy. It's like, you hate filling out all of these questionnaires.  You're tired of lying on the questionnaires that you don't have an answer. We will give you an answer in like five hours, you know?

27:29 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, this is a pattern for all things like this. for us, like, this is a very, very real example.  As a service provider, this design thing, design and strategy for Fortify, occupies a percentage of my mind that is bigger than what it requires for you because you have other concerns as well.  Yeah, yeah. And it's the same everywhere. Yeah. Experts always have a bigger weight on their expertise than the other people because the other people have other things to worry about.

28:08 - A L
  yeah, exactly.

28:09 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And this doesn't mean that it's an unsolvable problem, it just means that we need to get closer to it, to motivate them, right?  Yeah. I think in our current culture, this means a lot of quick things, quick wins, no work. But I mean, this is not different from, you know, any other service that we could get, like an accountant.  If you hire an accountant and the accountant says, you know what? I'd like to make an assessment first. As the client, you're like, do we really need it?  Yeah. So it's coming better. It doesn't mean that's anything wrong with our thing. No, I mean, yeah, I know it's true.

28:51 - A L
  And I think it's just coming to the realization and realizing it. I think it's good that we're realizing it now versus later, right?  Because I think this is all the people who are still kind of stuck to the other one. But it is like, I do think that like, um, and that's why I think we need to be aware of like, you know, AI and like the use case for that and how to make it even easier using AI because I think that's the direction it's going.  And at the same time, I do feel that like my, my profession is becoming a dinosaur. Like I do think like compliance officers.  Sorry. I know your wife is a compliance officer, but I think there's less and less of them. And there's, and the ones that are in, in the role are not getting the impact that they should, like they're not high enough in the, in the role to be able to make a big impact.  So they just stay at middle management. So like, yeah. So I think it is more of a sadness that my profession, but I'm old enough to like, okay, I'm going to retire in 10 years.  I cannot kill my profession in my 10 years here, but the next younger generation is going to disappear through probably from like art pools, like maybe not in the baking sector, but other ones.  So I guess the more of the story is I think we need to rethink, and I'm talking with Yvonne about this today is like, how do we simplify our product even more than what we have?  And that's like maybe with the lens of now we have a framework. that we can think about and it's not dependent on Abby being like what is best practice and how things people think it's actually what is what does this actual paper say and we can all interpret it in a different way but it's a paper that says this right it's not like this is what a typical compliance officer does in the organization to implement it like that is not it anymore which might make it a lot faster for us to actually understand it but it also makes it a lot easier for people to copy so that's that's not yeah my thing yeah with AI the modes must be different and for sure and it I think it is just makes it sorry to be you know being under that horse but the fact that it's easy to copy things yeah I think reinforces the need to differentiate on things that are difficult to copy which one of them is branding and how which kind of mind space we are trying in ours clients minds which means being very specific on ICP I believe this my current is

31:01 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So, I was reading a book, really cool, that crystallized this for me. The book is right, useful books. And basically what it says is, there's a million books being written every year.  unless you have like a huge PR machine, there's no way you're making to the best seller list. So the way to have a successful book is to make it extremely useful, and the way to make it extremely useful is to be super specific on what it does for who it does it.  And then people recommend it, right?

31:35 - A L
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.

31:36 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And so the generic positioning, I think it's reserved for the big companies.

31:44 - A L
  Yeah, no, I see that. I think if you just figure out what the right niche is to, I feel like with digital companies, at least in the past, it's been like, they don't really have as much impact.  So now they're like, it's okay. it might make it a little bit easier because it's like all companies have to do it doesn't matter if you don't have as much impact so that might be it and we have a lot of digital companies in our portfolio but it could be that we reach out to like yeah like salmon fishing or like other ones that have more I would say demands on them and then say vs me is that but I think either way like like understanding what the product could be and what it could look like a little bit different points of the product will allow us to be like okay let's test it out on different ICPs and see which one it is and I think that's where like I can't tell currently people I'm talking to like how long the SME would take because I don't I have an idea but we haven't really mapped it out and I think that um I could I should actually but motivation could also come from uh like getting the badge that we similar to stock too and and I saw maybe getting the badge to I mean break break break is difficult to see now because it's still early this year semi but it could really be a stamp like we are doing things right for example like like all the products usually

33:00 - Ivan Ćelić
  Nowadays you have on chocolate.

33:02 - A L
  They they all say Yeah, the way like that that could also be a motivation after everyone but the ones who want to be good companies for us, you know Yeah, that's why I think like that could be like maybe we need to like to get that via the integrity hub updated with like But like I agree I think that will be our kind of like here's a bragging page Pay us a few money you get it done and you can use it for bragging.  I absolutely Think but I think it goes back to we need to figure out what what is it, but um, okay But I think we we have it so then Shall we can talk this afternoon?  Opinion after we have an idea To do and then but then we you could follow up in the conversation that we had earlier And then we get Okay, thanks a lot