---
title: Design Sync
date: '2025-01-21T14:30:00.000000Z'
duration: 30m
participants:
- João
- Abbey Lin
source: https://fathom.video/calls/215947065
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:28:01.198919+00:00'
---

Design Sync - January 21
VIEW RECORDING - 68 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/BV86sJxzzjN34MnWhzJh6biyoyzeYaQx

---

0:03 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Something is different in the team's interface change of light meetings.

0:12 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Ivan told me he will join 15 minutes later because he was assuming the the changed schedule. Okay.

0:23 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I think we changed over for next week.

0:25 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay.

0:26 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  No worries. So what did you think of Linda's meeting with her?

0:32 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I think this is really useful in terms of understanding how they think about the work because the more distant it is, the harder it is.  is she an engineer by training? she talks like an engineer.

0:52 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Now she's a lawyer by training. Like this is one of my thinking too when she was talking. I'm like, oh, this is what's the difference between some  matter experts and non-subject matter experts you know when you talk with like non-subject matter experts they're like oh this looks great right and then when she's looking at it like really if I'm like the use and how she would she would do it like it's like she's like no I look at it there which is good but then it also complicates things right Romeo we were just talking with a while we're waiting for I don't I don't know if Mal is going to join we I played around a bit more with the policy management based off of some feedback from our from one of our pilots and this is this is in the this is in the policy management section I was just copying it when we were talking with her so you can see it but it's yeah like we just changed this I don't know maybe add new policy should be to the right a little bit I don't know how to change that but otherwise like it's hugged on the left side but otherwise I think it's okay but yeah sorry yeah yeah I wouldn't I wouldn't  make any changes on this yet.

2:02 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I think we need to extract some more generalizable feedback from her, otherwise we... I think...

2:12 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  But understand what she means and I recognize like like what she says, like it doesn't only see me as odd, it actually makes more sense in my head that it looks like this than it did before, but I think I was trying to move it with Yvonne who wanted something kind of separate, which I didn't understand, and then he mentioned like it wouldn't make as much difference.  But I can talk with Yvonne around that. Where should we go?

2:33 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  think because I...

2:34 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  actually my son is home now, so I don't need to pick him up before, but I have a little more time, but like what should we...  What should we focus on while Yvonne joins later? Okay. So hello, Humeo.

2:45 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I believe you finished some stuff, right? That is on review section. Should we pull it up then? Yeah, look at it.

2:56 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I'll share my screen. So we see the source of truth here.

3:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  share, you see my screen? Yeah.

3:06 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Okay.

3:07 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  It's a great, great acquire frame for view of group management.

3:12 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay. And you've shared the process so far, both tasks have seen progress, but I'd like to hear your thoughts on.  Thank you for sending stuff while it's in process, Romeo. Yeah. These are links to the prototypes user management. Let's go.  Share this time instead. Oh, can I get the link without the prototype? Just to figure my board? How do I do that?  you know?

3:52 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Okay.

3:55 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So where is this? Okay. Thank you. Do you see my screen? Or did I stop my sharing? Yes. Okay.

4:13 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Okay.

4:14 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So this is the user management, I believe we would eventually remove this, right? But is it correct?

4:26 - Romeu Rodrigues
  we see a list of people?

4:28 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Do you want to explain it? Am I jumping ahead of you? Do you prefer me to do it or do want to do it?  Okay. I'll do it. So there's a table here and there's options where we, when we click here, there's add user and invite user.  I believe that we only need one of them. Abby, is this correct? think we only do you see my screen?

5:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  It's inviting user or adding an user. Yeah, I would say, yeah. Because I think unless inviting user to see how to do this section, but I think so, it's a, yeah.  So you prefer inviting user or add user?

5:14 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Oh, add user, I think.

5:16 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  OK.

5:22 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I like the paper plane.

5:24 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  But yeah, I think add user is more intuitive. So when you click here on the actions, you see three quick options, quick actions that you can do on this thread.  You can disable the user, edit the user, and edit the groups.

5:39 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Let's assume you click on edit user, OK?

5:45 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  You see this pop-up? This pop-up will show up above here.

5:49 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  You see the name.

5:50 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  There's the employee ID over there. There's the address. There's department.

5:55 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  can change the department. When you add the user, all of their

6:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  games will be there, like how would their employee ID be there? This is not edit user, this is edit user.

6:07 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Edit user, okay, yeah, sorry, I didn't say that. We can disable the user over here, which is not a risk of misclicking, and she is part of several groups, right?  She's part of two groups, and this group she's not part of. If we hit disable this user, there's a confirmation, and if you want to invite a new user.

6:34 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, even as for this, we'll need to work on that.

6:40 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  We'll send emails to these people, send invitation. Romero, if you want to interrupt me at some point, feel free.  When you invite people, you invite people to an event. So, Romero is at this point here.

7:00 - Romeu Rodrigues
  in relation to the invite button that we have the flow of the send there and that would be the same in the case of manually.

7:09 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So the question but I think I know how to answer this the question is if we invite the user we send them an email and if we add an user do we do it without the email this is my understanding of this yeah I think so the the second one when you you add yeah you can add them without having to send them emails but I guess you would have their email to add a user you would need all of their information right like their name and their email yeah so my so my my assumption is a user will always need to do something right if I add a user if I add a user they'll always need to go and come on fortify and accept something right

8:02 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  If I invite them without an email, we might find people that didn't know that they're already in, right? Yeah, I think you have to have an email in.

8:12 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And some of the emails might not be the same.

8:14 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Like if you're having a board member sign off, they might not have a company email. But yeah, you should have to have an email because that would be their point of contact.

8:24 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So I think we keep this decision that we only have this button and this button will always send an email.  Yeah. Okay.

8:35 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  We'll send an email. Can I get?

8:38 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah.

8:39 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Inviting. Because an inviting user, I read it, it's like inviting a user to participate in setting up this admin control.  adding a user is just adding like a user, like adding Xiao or adding Mao, but he's not going to be, he doesn't know anything until we've actually deployed it to him.  He doesn't know that we added him until we send it off for his sign off. Correct, but I that makes sense to be for everyone.

9:03 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, so edge case a bad edge edge case. Let's say that We invite we all describe two different situations first situation.  Um, I Add even let's say and I send an email to even and even clicks on something on that email and complex that is Signing up for this thread.  So that's one scenario Now there's another scenario. I I add even I put his email Because we need to create an account but even never gets never receives an email and even doesn't know but he's already listed here And his tasks obligations and things he needs to you know, approve and acknowledge and so on keep filing up But this he doesn't know is part of 45 So, but okay, sorry this user what is this in the settings or is this in the Is this in only in the settings part or is this in the policy?

10:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  these procedures and things because when you when you deploy in policies, procedures or things like it'll show up here's a new name.  Yvonne hasn't been registered or hasn't done it. Will you deploy it to him? And then like he'll send it off there.  Like what we're looking at is the setting section, right? So that's just adding people in, right? I'm confused. don't understand the question.  If you zoom out a little bit, like, yeah, we're in users management, right? So right now we're trying to put on who is going to be in our account and who is going to get a policy, who's going to get a reminder, right?  So it's now, like I'm setting up now and I'm adding him in as a user, but we haven't done anything.  And right now we're in user management in the settings, right? And then we go into like we're done when we've added now, whatever.

10:48 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Then we go to the policy section, right?

10:50 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  And then we play with the anti bribery and policy, whatever, whatever section. And then like anti bribery policy and we go edit above all ready for deployment.  We deploy it, you know, in there, a mile will have been added to the list for deployment, and then you send it out to him.

11:06 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Let's say for some reason, Mao joins after that initial deployment.

11:10 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Then ideally there's a reminder like in the ABC policy, meaning somebody, and when you're tracking the follow through on that ABC policy, you can see like it hasn't been deployed to them or hasn't been sent or something like that.  And it's caught through that process. Do you know what I mean? Because if you add a user, it's not like they're going to get everything in there.

11:31 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I think we've touched on a couple of different things. just isolating each one. In your view, this is just for definitions, right?  In your view, when I talk about user management, are we talking about like all the employees at the company, or are we talking about just the people that can manage the Fortify admin view?  Okay. I thinking, that's a good question.

12:02 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I was thinking, everybody, where are the users? Are they are going to be using the tool? I had the same understanding as before.

12:10 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And OK, so if we have, so let's say that, basically, mean, the decision is, or our suggestion is, to have only one of these two, OK?  Which was, I think you only need AdUser. So when I add an user, will put their email, for instance.

12:38 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Let's just change it with AdUser.

12:40 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  There's this John Oliver guy, he gets an email and says, you're being invited to join Fortify. That email is not on design here.  You're being invited to join Fortify. Click here to complete your sign up, right? And then John does that. John is.  So we want everybody to sign up and do that, I guess it's my question.

13:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I would say so yeah because then we're going to send out 600 emails to Cognite and each of them will have registered themselves into the tool or like I would think that we need to like we would get a central list from Cognite automatically update them into our tools we get a name like name and email and then upload them into our tool and it's only for new ones that come in like you know then maybe we need to find a new process for that but I wouldn't we're talking about different things so what we're describing is the mass inclusion of new people right just give me a file we do it on the back end they just do it right and 600 people are joined into the platform that's good yeah but the point is if this person works in facilities they have never heard of Fortify they are not part of the discussion they are not involved in anything they've never heard of Fortify yeah if we want them to visit the employee portal they need

14:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  eat at least no they've been added to fortify right as an employee. So it's important that they receive some sort of communication that tells the a by the way this.

14:11 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I guess my thing is sorry to cut you off but like it has to come from the company at one point or like there has to be some community like for me having worked in corporate like wouldn't open a random email from a fortify thing unless I've been told from my company to expect this fortify email thing you know like so either like then it'd be like the people at Cognite would be like have to send some kind of email employees you'll be getting like or as part of their employee onboarding it's like you know you will be getting an email from this fortify thing and then once they've had the onboarding it's like okay we give you you know fortify the name so that like I like I think there'd be a next step like fortify going out to that wouldn't be the first one in or like  We have this have some kind of things like welcome to joining Cognite now we are a fortify where the platform and there are some kind of special message explaining it, but most likely it would need to come from like just sending a random thing is like a we updated you like.  That I feel like my gut feeling was like people won't open it like unless I get already going to be kind of tough, like even I worry about like some of our email reminders because they're going to come from port and that there needs to be a lot of communication within the company like to use our tool and where we are and like people will forget and that so that's why I was thinking like.  Could be good to add them into our system and then like when we're really ready to deploy like each of those different ones then send it out but yeah.  Or like are we able to set all of them up like can they just use to the employee portal.  You know, with single sign on so that they don't need to log in right they've already they're already in with that I'm just going to avoid like somebody have to like with the send out to like 600 people and 600 people need to.

16:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  annually put in their email and set up their own account like it's like it's a extra hassle and I know that's not what we're describing okay then I think I'm just so confused and like where we are then because I don't know what we're yeah yeah yeah maybe this is like this is more like an Yvonne question then maybe we need to wait for him to get on so then he got to show what he wants is the best practice this is the best practice software so she's not exotic so I understand your point like if I've never heard of 45 and I receive an email from 45 instead of let's say Facebook because I work at Facebook I don't know I'm like what are these guys I'm not calling for this phishing drill I'm not clicking this I get the point is if I I think your question is can I add people to the platform without sending them an email and they will just be added to the platform is that your question  Yeah. Okay. Yes, we can do that. I do believe that we need to have some way of knowing if you, let's say you've had me to the platform, but there was a little typo when you copied and pasted my email, right?  I never got an email. You don't know the email is wrong because there's no way of knowing. And it just assumed that I'm inside of the platform, right, that I've joined Fortified.  So to avoid this, we would have to find a way, and I don't think we need to be innovative here, just copy whatever it does.  We need to find a way of guaranteeing that people that need to be added to the platform and email is the channel that they'll receive a lot of information via email.  So it's important that their email is correct. It's important to verify if they're... mill works. Now this is separate from the aspect of I just want to receive an excel spreadsheet from Permanente and upload all these names.  That's a separate question. So we can just remove this verification but then we'll have to find some other way of knowing if this person, Oliver has ever logged in.  But wouldn't we know by like when you do your annual code of conduct and all employees need to get it.

18:37 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  You send it out to all employees and you'll see that John Oliver hasn't responded to it for some reason and then you'll try to figure out why is that the case and then you go in John Oliver profile you realize oh their email address was incorrect that's why they're not completing it or you know but that this is often a common issue in like the manual process that we have where like is everybody getting things.  And out of everybody we sent it to 100% of them need to respond for us to counter 100%. But it could be 20 people are never sent to it, but we don't know where they are and we can't find them.

19:10 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  But that's just like let's just ignore that aspect of it. But this is a common issue offline also.

19:16 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So yeah, so I would say it's like you have to send everybody in your database that needs to be able to send the policy for approval.

19:24 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  The ones who don't respond, then you'll see that there's going to be an issue with that completion rate.

19:31 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  But yeah, we could do like invite a new user and do that. That's fine. then they need to plug in like one is a bulk and then we're just saying any new employee need to do that.  And then we just need to figure out some kind of communication offline being like, you know, watch out for an email from fortify or like in our introduction when you invite a new user.  It's like, welcome to fortify. We are the ESG platform of X company, you know, so, you know, we are not fishing like contact this person if you want confirmation.  you know before going in or something we could do that in the messaging that's like for me this is why i'm saying like even like i don't know enough about like setting up b2b like what is the what are i don't think we should reinvent the wheel so it's like whatever most companies are doing like it's totally fine for us to copy and use that that process you know like i don't have a strong opinion on on that and i don't know what is the right way in that sense i think you've described a good mix uh we'll just send the email but we'll also instruct our partners at the client organizations to say hey let people know that they will be getting an email from fortify it will look a little bit like this and yeah this should handle most things um so this is group management okay yeah and okay um and these are different groups and different with different colors we can know people that are inside of  of these groups.

21:02 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And if you click on this group, we can...

21:06 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Apologies. If you click on these three dots, we can disable the group, we can edit the group, we can delete the group.

21:14 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I believe, Romeo, we can just have delete the group. Apologies. We can just have disable the group. Delete and disable are the same.

21:25 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Okay.

21:26 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So let's say you click on add new group. You have the group name. Well, disable, archiving it, then deleting it is deleting it forever off of our system.  Can we just archive everything as a kind of an auditory? Okay. So let's say we have a new group, there's a group name, there's some detail, we just put it here region, it could be different things.  The color, there's maybe a color picker here, I don't know. And we can add different users, we just paste different users here, and we can create a group, okay.  If we delete the group, or arc the group, it will remove the group, but not the people that are inside of the group, right?  Yeah, yeah. And let me see the comments from Ivan. Okay, yes, we will need to work on that. And the other thing, let's look at it with region sympathy.  Okay.

22:58 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Hey.

22:59 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Sorry. Hello. Hello. I completely knee-judged the meeting to be at four and then, yeah, I was also got it Yeah, this is it about the groups I'll translate but Uh So to get to this section it would be the same way as to get to the section just an option on the menu up here Uh, I would like to add a comment for groups Initially in the initial version of the design the users won't be able to set avatars So this uh, uh, view will not uh, it will look a bit off, I guess So could we just either remove the avatars or replace it or have some other option?

24:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Because the current version once we implement will be just circles without the user's initials or something for now, so it will just be a bit default icon, default profile picture.  We can have it, but I don't know if it makes sense to have it, so yeah, if you could maybe just have something else or not have it or I don't know, maybe just give another solution here and we can choose.  Not sure what is your opinion there.

24:26 - Romeu Rodrigues
  In this case, I think it will leave only the total, not the initials because it will make a of initials, it will be a mess.  Leave only the total.

24:38 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Total people.

24:41 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, maybe just total number and then later we can add once the users will be able to set images and everything, it will look nicer.  But now it will for sure be the seven same pictures, seven same amateurs. Maybe just initial one, don't need to have it yet.  other other there's another idea yeah one question one one question sorry before you I apologize for disrupting the meeting but but regarding these titles it's a this is nice when it's two two two rows but what happens this is something user will say will input so my question is how does it behave when I put a very very very very very long title or should we limit the number of characters here or how how how should we approach this yeah I would limit okay but but still still do we allow enough characters for two rows only or because I have a feeling that soon we'll have three rows so do we how do we handle that what do what your opinion on that for example HR department one might write HR but but someone might might write human resources and I have a feeling that's already two rows so if they had a third war they're in the third row just want to know how the how it behaves when we have multiple rows that's that's all and this is what can do João if an example with three lines right

26:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  In the case of use, if the majority of the groups are between 3d, we increase one but if the majority is 2d, we 2d limit it 3 points between 3d and 3d.  One more question. A question that I here would be the relation between these fields, region, create, date.

26:21 - Romeu Rodrigues
  If we had more options to put space here, that would be enough to exhibit the group.

26:33 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, just a second. So, Rumiou's question was about this input field. I think my suggestion is that we have a short small field for the name and a little bit of a longer field for a description, not a region, because people might have like temporary groups, for instance.  Oh, this is like for the Christmas, whatever, then they just add that.

27:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Sure.

27:04 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And also, I'd like to make a comment for the active and inactive.

27:12 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  I wouldn't do it at this stage. You can leave the design as is.

27:15 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  You don't have to change the design.

27:17 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  But for now, if Fabio agrees, I would avoid doing that just to reduce the work. It's not much, but at least if it saves us a couple of hours, I would rather do it.  If the active inactive and it's crucial for now.

27:30 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Which one you mean, disabled group or edit group or archive group, you mean? Yeah, yeah. Or the active or like...  Yeah, you can disable the group or enable the group.

27:38 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So, group is active, disabled group is inactive, I guess.

27:42 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, I don't think you need the active, that yellow part, if that's what you're talking about.

27:45 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, yeah.

27:48 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  And that's it.

27:49 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Sorry, sorry, John, for hijacking your...

27:52 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  No, no.

27:52 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  This is what collaboration looks like.

27:55 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Perfect. John, I don't what you're saying. So, I'm talking about the deactivator. So, Romeo's point is, if I disable a group or if I archive a group, how does it look like here if we don't use these tags?  We remove it, we delete it. You don't archive it. Well, that's the question, Ivana.

28:33 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Sometimes we need an audit trail.

28:39 - Romeu Rodrigues
  I don't think you need an audit trail of user management.

28:44 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  What if you use it like third-party management and you send it out and you use it, but then later on you want to delete them?  I will just add now basic management.

28:56 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So delete, add, and then later we can have archive, disabling, everything we want. We can expand on it depending on the user.  I wouldn't add too much now, spend too much time on this because this is, we are doing this just because we need it for deployment right now.  Yeah. Okay.

29:11 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So my suggestion is then we take away this option of the archive, correct? It's fine.

29:17 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  You can keep the design.

29:18 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  You don't have to remove it. I'm fine with that. It's just a question of us adding it on the dense side or not.  That's it. So I'm fine with it staying in the design that I have no issues with that and then we can add it later.  I'm fine with that.

29:39 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay. So we have agreed on that. Yeah. So that's it. Do we have user management and we have group management with a few changes to make?  I saw your comment here even about the email. I understand from your perspective, is this just a text email or just the design of the email?  We don't need the email design, we have something going so we'll just use that.

30:04 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  What we need is once you have an email, so imagine the flow. You invite me, I get an email.  I click on a link in the email, go to some page. Okay, and how does this page look? That's what I mean.  Okay, so the page where you need to probably enter maybe your name and sit, guess, and set a password.

30:26 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Maybe those two things, guess. We can easily add stuff later if we see the need, for now I think it's the name and the password can be the key things too.  Got it. So regarding this, the share this step instead, this task we have sealed some stuff to do. It was in review.  We just got some comments.

30:59 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  I'll drag it back to...

31:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  in progress.

31:01 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah but generally it looks good and I think what needs to be changed at least from my point of view was some minor stuff like maybe removing or showing a different options but other than that I think it's fine and we can start with it soon once you complete it so it looks good to me.

31:32 - Romeu Rodrigues
  The first one is up And when you don't finish the training we have a kind of little to know if the person is inside the subject so that they understand.  And then I made a draft of how it would be if I changed the post-training of the quiz. While I'm navigating here in the prototype, you a link for me?

31:56 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Maybe that will work.

32:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  is what this is what looks like when you finished something and we started this okay there's the question there's a few options okay one question one question this is something I'm as a developer used to maybe that's my job my because I'm in this but my seeing radio buttons are usually single select to me and check boxes the boxes one is usually multi-select but that's to me as a developer and that's when its design is needed as far as I'm concerned this can stay but that's just a question to to Romeo and to everyone is it clear when it's a circle that it's multi-select to you visually or is it when it's circle you expect it to be a single select I mean it's a minor detail but just asking because for me when it's circle a circle a single select box is yeah so okay it's not only to me yeah so maybe just something to think about  But in this case also, to take into consideration.

33:05 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Where did you play the link for work?

33:11 - Romeu Rodrigues
  I'm going to call Rafa there. Okay. Okay, open.

33:21 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, got it.

33:23 - Romeu Rodrigues
  So, in relation to this question, if we use the cycle, multi choices, usually in the quiz, it's single or radio, and then when you want to select more than one word, there's like, in the end, there's always a selection, right?  And then in the question, there's like, all of them are correct, so they don't have to select all of them, you When I see something like that, in the answer that he says, all of them, know, none, something that, so that you don't get this thing of multi-selection.

34:01 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  This is a different question. The point is, when there is a circle, people assume that they choose one, when there is a square, people assume that they choose several.  I understand that here in the Figma, if you are showing some limitations in the Figma obviously, I understand that this one would be just to choose one option.  Yes, Yes, Okay. So, guys, we are all in agreement. This was just a limitation on Figma, Figma prototype mix.  yeah, multiple looks like a checkbox, a checkbox. That's fine. So, if you answer this question and this is not the right answer, you get this thing.  And then you try again and eventually you get it.

35:00 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Questions are coming to an don't congratulations.

35:04 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  This is just an example of one. Of course, of So would this solve the need for the quiz at the end of the training session?  It looks okay to me.

35:19 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, my only initial one is like, because now these are pop-ups versus like, you know, if you see where the training comes, comes like a PDF, right?  And then you kind of just go dot, dot, dot and move on. I don't know, Yvonne, is there a way to like, I'm just thinking of consistency, right?  You're going into like this PDF.load.dot.dot and then suddenly near the end you have these pop-ups. Or is there a way to like make the PDF like pop-ups on each of the pages so that it just kind of continues down the road?

35:47 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So we can replace currently in our screen, you have a box where the PDF is on the screen. We can replace that in your box with questions, example, and just a bit of what this one Romeo designed.  We can embed it instead of PDF. once you go through the PDF so once you click the last page and once you try to click acknowledge then we show the quiz because I would rather not trigger it on the last page visit I would trigger it on once you click I acknowledge or I accept training or I show the training.

36:15 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  it's kind of like kind of not nice you're like oh I'm about to sign off in the policy oh just kidding there's a five question quiz.

36:23 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Well yes you need to like the five the quiz should come before and then acknowledge is like you pass the quiz and then that usually it combines trainings it's like that.

36:32 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  I would automatically so once you pass the quiz on this last picture we're looking at I would already acknowledge it in the background so that's fine but my question is when would you trigger the quiz so which action exact action or event will trigger the quiz show showing.

36:47 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah and that's my question because right now like if you look at it from our app it's like you scroll right right right right but then it doesn't show it here and then I thought it was a little bit weird because I was kind of expecting you to see a continuation of our  And then you have like five questions underneath, right?

37:02 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  But this is kind of cool to pop up.

37:04 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I was just thinking in terms of the visual flow, is it weird? Or is there a way to visualize ours and more of a blue screen pop up like the training itself?  So then it naturally flows into the next one, you know?

37:15 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  like slide 25 goes into the next Let me show this to Romero and that to Zhaod so that it's clear to them also what we are talking about.  I'll stop sharing.

37:30 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So here, okay, so this one, risk assessment, I have to log in.

37:44 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  And then trainings and then you have this training. I'm wrong, sorry, I'm play portal. Okay, and then I need to go through the training.

37:57 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  currently, okay, this is not the newest design we fixed the five. a bit of this but basically what you're doing you're scrolling through pdf so you're clicking next next next this will update it to fit your newest design so this is now this is not right this will look like you designed the policies one it will be more narrow and and instead of text it will just have pdf so that part is fine but the flow is not the following you click next blah blah blah you click click click this is so annoying that we fixed it so we'll release it so yeah basically now you're on the last page and there is no more so my question is when do we trigger this and how does it happen every suggestion was that we just replace this whole box whole pdf box with the with the questions and then you answer questions and then you're done you completed the training so yeah how will this go that's that's a question that's or we make the pd or make the pdf box is like pop-up thing like i don't know like look very similar i'm not sure yeah the thing is this is already

39:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  model pop up.

39:01 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So I'm not sure if it's a good UX to show model over model.

39:03 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  That's for the designers to decide, but just a comment on my side that I need to know what event triggers the showing of quiz last page cannot be triggered.  So clicking on number this one cannot be the trigger because you still need to read the last page. So my suggestion would be to have here a button, which would then when you click it, I come I read the training or I saw the training or whatever you click it, then the quiz pops up.  And then once you are done with the quiz, you're done with training. And you say, okay, you're good. Yeah, or the last page is like on the bottom.

39:36 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, it's like, please take the quiz in order to pass the training or you know, like something like that.

39:44 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Please take the quiz to complete the training should be included in the pop up because we cannot for now, the PDFs are ours.

39:51 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  the last page of the PDF can be like, the last page of the PDF can be like, now it's time to take a training click here and then on the bottom, it's a pop up.

40:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, but that's good until people start to add their own PDFs. for now, it is good because there's no option to edit or create your own trainings, but soon we'll probably have it.  So once we enable the custom trainings to be added in the application, then this goes to the window. We cannot create custom PDF page.  doesn't make sense. won't be nice. So I think we all agree it's just a matter of how now. Maybe you can help us there as well.

40:31 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  OK, so Romeo, quickly, this already happens in the pop-up, so it would nice if the quiz wasn't in the pop-up.  And the idea is, in this screen, which is the last PDF screen, it has a button to say OK, I'm ready for a quiz.  Let's go. The guy clicks on button and inside this pop-up, something changes, the design changes, the quiz questions So the big question they're asking is, would it make sense?  We put it on the design that you made, and instead of making a pop-up separate, putting it inside this pop-up, I understand that yes.  Yes, yes.

41:10 - Romeu Rodrigues
  I saw a comment about the change of the model, I think that the model will be the same as the other one, we can change the model, replace the content, a little shorter, or finalize, and this one finalize, maybe a trigger on the next page, launching a new model on top, then open another one, know.

41:38 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  But my suggestion would be, there is more models, it will happen many times with this, it will happen many times.

41:47 - Romeu Rodrigues
  It was a component that we put below what already exists.

41:52 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  like to say, is no more flux.

41:57 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Is that? So, yes.

42:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  can be changed and our idea here is instead of making it a model we can just make it like kind of a component that we could just append to the end of that window.  So we just stays on the same model of the PDF and you see the questions without changing.

42:17 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Good?

42:18 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, sounds okay to me.

42:19 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  have no problems there. Yeah, something to show. No strong opinions. Yeah, exactly. Just please when designing keep in mind the whole flow.  So user is clicking through the document page by page and then at some point something needs to trigger the question to pop up.  What will that trigger be?

42:38 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  My suggestion is a button.

42:40 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So once you come to the end of the PDF we have a button at the bottom that says I completed the training or whatever and once you click it.

42:49 - Romeu Rodrigues
  I it should be like now time to take that.

42:51 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I'm ready for the quiz or something like I'm ready for the quiz and then like that.

42:55 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  We can talk about text later.

43:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, that makes more sense, yeah.

43:05 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, okay. So, Rumeu, point here is, let's look at next-age screenshots. How is the PDF process Okay. And we're to press a button at end of the PDF.  Okay.

43:31 - Romeu Rodrigues
  Please.

43:44 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, perfect. Okay, so... In progress here. Good. Anything else that you want to share with us, Rumeu? We've been working really fast, so maybe there's some more I have a small task for you guys, but That's can wait for the end.

44:07 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  It's a it's a just a button is missing on the latest design for policies We just need to edit somewhere, but that can wait if you have something more important to go to No, but I appreciate you going so fast Robi.  I think that's a great comment.

44:19 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'm from shall to be able to see it Okay I All right safe done Good So, for now, we have a lot of design progress on my side.  Evie and I had a long meeting earlier today. I'm converting some of those things into cards. I won't show you all the cards.  It's not about that. Just so you understand what I mean, for instance, we discussed that we need some way of managing all the different tasks that happen inside of the platform.  I've had some context here. There's no design on this. It's just a couple of criteria, but we don't need to validate them right now.  can just send a link and we'll work through it. And that's it on my side. My next few actions will be this just bringing clarity to the understanding that Evie and I.  arrived at in the mapping session, and there's nothing that is, you know, blocking for, for further work.

46:08 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah. So I think we, so just to give us a background, Ivana Romeo, that we spent about two hours today mapping out the process for E in terms of the controls that need to happen.  And the step because we only had some parts of it. So we did that into the three main parts.  But in doing that, we realized there needs to be a task management section that we kind of always talked about in terms of like giving tasks to certain people so that it would show up in their specific employee portal and how that's going to happen.  So we kind of map that out. So I think we have to have maybe another session when you're back, Ivana on Monday to kind of go through it with you and Romeo to so that you could start drawing it out.

46:45 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  But at the same time, what can be done?

46:46 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Like, what is the focus now?

46:48 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I'm going to be out for three days enjoying the snow. should what is on the next list for Romeo to be working on during these days.  And I could also give feedback on to to make sure that.

47:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  and, you know, also given, like, the feedback with that and stuff. Yeah, important thing.

47:05 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  you have the questions that you would like me to answer, you can write this, like, I will probably see it and answer you.  But if not, then Borna can also answer most of these questions. Borna and Ivor and Azar are here, so feel free to write in the development channel.  I had a sync with Borna and I will have one a little bit later just to know what's going on.  So if in case you need something from the dev side, feel free to reach out to them. But I will also be more or less checking slack from time to time so you'll be able to also get answered from me.

47:39 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So your question, Ebi, was about do we have enough design work lined up to? Yeah. Okay.

47:48 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I think there are what we discussed today is that, yeah, there is some work that we can probably even without Ivan or like, you know, being we can start working on a TV, but show him on Monday, too, on what we discussed today.  Yeah, sorry, go on. Yeah, no, I think so.

48:03 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, there's a few things being finalized here that we've agreed upon. And now we have those tasks that come out of the mapping we did earlier today.  And I think so. Yeah, I think we have enough stuff to keep us busy while even take so much deserve rest.

48:21 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Let's all let me just quickly show you what's missing. I can. Yeah, we should also try to prioritize them for the three days.

48:29 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I'm like is needed even for you to get policies, procedures, like even like some of the approval flows that I see that like Linda and stuff is like kind of asking.  And like so, like, yeah, let's have a, why don't you go first?

48:40 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  And then we can go to that prioritization. Yes, so the on the policies, trainings, and communication page, I pasted the links now and I will paste a video.

48:51 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  This is from Azar, but yeah.

48:53 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So I saved in the task.

48:56 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So check the tpd at missing button task.

49:01 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Come again, check the TPD, are you sharing your screen Ivan?

49:08 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  No, can you share your screen please with the data?

49:12 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, that's the one. So, can you open that video?

49:22 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Can you? Yeah.

49:23 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So, here, this is policies and this is the design, that's fine. And at the top right corner, we have deployment overview for all policies.  That was from the old design, so if you are okay with this, we would like to give it to you.  Click, yeah, you cannot quit this video. But basically clicking on this will open a table with all your, with all people who need to accept the policy for all policies.  So, this is something that we had in the old design.

49:50 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So, if it's okay with you, we would like to keep it here.

49:52 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  If not, then just suggest a different location or different whatever you think is better. But this is more... thing and then another thing, if you please go to the bottom pictures, middle one.

50:07 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I just noticed that, is it, is that the right order, like greatest on the, the greatest on the right completed on top?

50:18 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  It could make sense because it's the one that yours should not be worried about. So we start left to right and begin with the stuff that that in my yeah, that it should be like not started like it'd be like red, orange, yellow, green, but that's fine.

50:32 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Like I'm just thinking that we can, we can arrange it. Yeah.

50:35 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So quick, just some here. Now you know this button deployment over the top right corner, but for communications, we have an issue because here we need to have a create new communication button plus deployment overview button.  Currently, this is how it looks like. This is this is as our pictures. So this is the current state that we have.  So our question is where do we, where do we put to this create new communication button and how it look like we can keep it at the bottom but the issues if you have 20 communications then it's hidden at the bottom so it probably needs to go to the top but if it goes to the top yes but where because we have the we have deployment overview button at the top right so just help me with those two things and and that's it it should be a quick fix just tell me where to place it and we are good there so this is the task basically you got it so figure out the placement of both create new item button and deploy overview buttons is there a way to like like based off of like evan based off of like linda's thing is there a way to rate put create new policy on each of the three ones this type of like yeah but uh we don't have a category but yeah i think we can yeah i don't see why not but i put it in the stigma and policies i made it i think i did

52:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  and with the new names that she kind of like that were closer to the names was actually it's correct what she's saying it was a little bit confusing it's like something I made up at last minute to try to break it but the the way that she she had it makes more sense so I updated the big rotation huh it's in the big one it's in the it's in the same big my if you go to policies and then I also like tagged so there's two like yeah if you go latest policy adjustment it's either on the bottom and then you can maybe then also to the if you go to the top by latest policy they add to the left of that part it's the same one I just copied it there to the left if you go left outside of the box that one so you can delete one of those two they're the same ones I just put them in the try to get closer so it's creating three boxes I've changed the names of them and then I added a create policy on each of them yeah we can update you I'll create a task for that yeah okay all right I think that no more changes

53:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Are we sure that this will be okay for the other clients?

53:05 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I think it's going to be more okay with them. It makes more sense.

53:09 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Like, I think I didn't understand when you're like, put ISO documents on the side, why it was there and why the new documents.  But I think it does make more sense. I will be able to get off some of these complaints beforehand.  I think she had a good point on it. So when you go to the screen to the right, right, the first one in the white frame here.

53:34 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So here, we then need to add three buttons, creating a policy on each of these boxes. And then we also need a deployment overview button that we are missing that I showed you in the picture.  So yeah, we can write down.

54:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  But Evie I really need to mirror events question here. I mean we have one conversation and I'm not sure if I would just, I know we have access to the speed of deployment is not difficult change is not the resistance to work.

54:15 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  No, I know I get it's not like me one and we have to change all of it like I think what she was saying is like how do I say I've had it in the back of my head it's like.  I was just thinking that like we can avoid it or like it didn't make sense and I was trying to like okay even like said move on the side let's do it on the side but if we actually want to do it right and deploy it right and have a good outcome like that's kind of like a.  It makes sense to add those in as part of the part of thing like at least the create on each of the the creation on each of the two ones.  You don't think it's kind of. I will create. But I agree with you we can't do that. Everyone but this is also something that like she had been saying like that we Like we were trying to find a short-term solution But I do think like to make this actually deployable and work and make sense It's just that we need to make sure that the create your policy thing Matches the flow For this if it's going to be there Okay, um Sure, yeah, let's keep that so to recap we need two things then So we need to have the button create new on each of these boxes And we need a place for deployment overview button.

55:33 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  That's the single button for all this for whole page So two things, yeah, sunrise Got it Yeah, I think there's enough design work to do to have stuff ready by the time So you have these two one Yeah, so then like on Wednesday, they have these two maybe which is like Wednesday And then like for Thursday and Friday, which one should we prioritize out of the everything that we talked about today?

55:59 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So Is it the environmental control part or what what do you think? Thinking Yvonne is there anything else that you feel that needs to be you know Like I'm even thinking like the approval.  We have an approval process. We're just not. Oh, yeah That was the other thing Yvonne this before you go on holiday mode brain when I talked with I Talked with Linda about the approvals because I was like you know We kind of disabled the approval because so much back and forth then my document Both like any kind of legal policies right now is what we're talking about It's like, you know, if she creates something she needs somebody to confirm like she can't make the decision She needs the CEO to look at the final policy, right?  And I told her like we kind of talking with Yvonne It was too complicated to do come some kind of like document trail and change and like things like that So we kind of disabled it.  I think that what she was saying like there's an easier way of doing it It's just like kind of like an approval  flow is that like the person goes yes is this okay yes or no yes done no it just sends it back to the person and then they have to go again and then send to the person yes no do you know what I mean but it's not actually the track changes or anything is in the system because that's too difficult and they even do it differently but it's just more that's in the system that they said yes and then if they say no then it just goes back to them and then they have to change it and yeah so there's no like yeah there are a couple things that we need to iron out there like how do you know who needs to be a reviewer and how do you know who to send an email this or someone needs to probably select who the reviewer so I am looking at you deploy it to somebody like you usually would know like you would know you would send it to your boss or like somebody like one reviewer but they would be it could be different each time because it could be like I need the lawyer to look at the competition I need HR to approve this you know the HR one but there'd be different people but they would just need to do something like that and it's the same thing for like ISO

58:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, we need to go through the whole process and map it out, but I mean, it's doable, it's fun, it's just a matter of priority as all other stuff.  if we can make it simple, like you mentioned, but still it requires some actions like select user, who do you want to review, then that reviewer gets an email, then they need to be admin in the platform.

58:19 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Or a question is, do they even need to be admin?

58:22 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Do they get a link to the page where they can just see it as an employee?

58:26 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Then they see it and they click approve.

58:28 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  If they click approve what happens next, if they click reject, then it goes back email to the first person and so on.  So we just need to map out the flow. other than that, it's...

58:37 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Maybe there's something, Jao, that we should do and have Romeo do. Because I might think that I'm trying to get like the policy procedures and trainings the most successful where you land, you know, and these are kind of like things that I know, like there is always like, even for me, I can't approve a policy without somebody like approving it, you know, like in all of my jobs.  So if we could somehow build that.

59:00 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  We can make a very simple version which is like very basic and not sure if it's good enough, but for example, we can have a share button which then sends a link to someone so that they can view the policy and they can just click on accept and then we mark the policy as reviewed by that person.  So something also to think about. There are a couple of ways to do it. It's just a question of what do we want to do this initial version.

59:23 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  What's good? My question is how do we figure out the simplest process before we go to launch in two weeks?  Do you think it's simple enough when you're back on Monday?

59:36 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  I don't think we can have it in two weeks, because we're already full for regarding that work. it has to be after the launch, to be honest.  I think we could launch and because, for example, two persons, two people are admins in the system, they can always ask to check out.  imagine that you and me are working in this and I say, please take a look at this policy. I send you the link to the policy.

1:00:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  you can open the link and say okay it's good.

1:00:02 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  It's not perfect.

1:00:03 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  We don't have a sale, but for the first testing I think it's fine.

1:00:07 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  the audit trail. That's the biggest thing is the audit trail.

1:00:12 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  That's what they want.

1:00:13 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  They want confirmation that they're covering their butt or that a board has reviewed it or that they have said okay.  I'm just thinking like then doesn't make sense like for us to try to get flow down so then you can estimate it and see you know how much like when you come back how long it would take.  Yeah exactly get the flow down then we'll see if we can take out some things even more simple and then we'll see how much time it takes and that's it and then we'll know more.  Okay so but that's maybe more of a Jao and me exercise that we need to do. Yeah. Maybe Romeo and like later on I don't know Jao what do you think or and what can Romeo draw on Thursday and Friday like.

1:00:55 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  You can wire frame it as far as I'm concerned you need to have a design you can wire frames to.  Preference for the first version, I can review it and then we can talk, but yeah, we have enough work for this week for sure.  And even the next week. So it's not like we will be missing work to do, or there will be empty empty work.

1:01:20 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Yeah, so, but then, then, what, is there anything then for the week for this week and for next week that you need designed or is everything kind of designed already?

1:01:28 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  So users and user groups is what they need completed. And after that, that's it for this policy stuff. And these minor changes to the policies page that I requested right now.  The key things that we need from design to get out, to get out the policy strength and communications.

1:01:50 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Okay, so then I guess maybe what we can see then is Romeo can work on some of the. Some of the stuff that we talked about today around control.  goals for environment and then you and I can set up a time to discuss that flow for approval.

1:02:13 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So yeah so for now Romeo has a few things to correct right to just finalize and I think these things will be done tomorrow I suppose but I don't I don't know but I assume these things will be done for tomorrow the things that are in progress and tomorrow Romeo can pick up the tasks that you and I Abby decided today because I need to translate them into cards and to make them clear clear enough that he can do something with it with it because right now I cannot just send him the mirror link because it's chaotic.

1:02:53 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  No no I think that's the important thing is Abby what's next what do you want to have in next release?  So first release policy change communication what would you like to have in the second version keep in mind to allocate some time that we will have feedback after this first test so we'll need to allocate some design and then time to fix some things or change some things, but what's actually the next big thing that we want control?

1:03:18 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  The next is controls which is why I think it's important and that's what Zhao and I talked about today is the controls for E because most of the controls are pretty almost done, it's the controls for E that are set up a little differently that we need to get.

1:03:32 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  The next question is do we have everything designed that we need for controls? If the answer is no then that's our goal and that's what we need to work on.

1:03:40 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  That's what at least for the next three days and probably next week is to build up the controls once we have that and then maybe some of the approval process.  We can see once we have it drawn out then you can see how much after that it will be the release it will be to get that part in and then we can see.  Yeah, but and then we have the integrity. Yeah, but yeah, that's fine, but okay So shout do we need to have a meeting?  I'm just looking my calendar. How much time I have? Wednesday. Oh gosh Yeah, too, I don't have that much time tomorrow, but to go through Go through it Like the the approval or do you feel that you do we need to be for the room?  Approval and controls are different names for the same thing or approval is a part of control.

1:04:40 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  No, no approval flow for policy management Okay, so Yeah I'll just make a quick draft and then we initiate the discussion from there Yeah Practices  Yeah, and like you heard what Linda said today, right?

1:05:04 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  and when she was kind of saying like, it doesn't need to be revised offline. It's just somebody like you send it and then they check off, approve or not approve.

1:05:12 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  And if you don't approve, it just sends it back.

1:05:14 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  So you just kind of stay in this loop until you have it. They approve it and they can move forward kind of thing.  But, but yeah, but maybe we could set up a call like tomorrow or Thursday, a shorter call. I have a few 30 minute breaks or have more time on, on Friday.  Just a comment for tomorrow.

1:05:29 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  Then you can also keep thinking, think about it as a document which can be signed or not signed. So as long as it's not signed by someone who is required to sign it, then it's not good to go.  So it also can be simplified like that, but we can discuss that. Yeah, exactly. But Joe, do you understand that part?  Yvonne just said?

1:05:49 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I think so.

1:05:51 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So one thing is the document is the content. And the other thing is the status of that thing, right?  Yeah. we could we could just have a link. to a SharePoint file and just say this thing has been reviewed like in extremis, we could do that.  That's how they do it now in the SharePoint, right? So we just want to...

1:06:12 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  No, no, no.

1:06:13 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I understand. understand.

1:06:14 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  I've been at this project for three months. Just keep in mind the role we have employee admins in our system right now.

1:06:22 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  two roles, two basic roles. Keep in mind what will be the roles of the people who need to review it.  If the role will not be admin, if it can be employee, then it has to be something that's part of employee portal.  So just something to keep in mind while working. Which could be fine because it could be like a review with an employee portal.  For example, CTO will probably not be admin here, but still someone who might need to review a policy regarding to, I don't know, some kind of technical stuff.

1:06:49 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So something just to keep in mind while working.

1:06:52 - Ivan Celic (fortifai.co)
  But we'll go over it once you have initial stuff. Yeah.

1:06:56 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  Okay.

1:06:57 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  That sounds good.

1:07:00 - Abbey Lin (fortifai.co)
  to work on sorry the mcdonald for my kids before other activities um but yeah so okay yeah all good all good all right we'll enjoy your holiday yvonne we'll try not to bother you thank you we have our regular sink so we can see how it is at the atomorrow but all right thank you so much all right have a good night bye bye thanks bye