---
title: The super secret link - Peter A Giordano III
date: '2025-03-13T17:30:00.000000Z'
duration: 47m
participants:
- João
- Peter Giordano III
source: https://fathom.video/calls/251787922
encoding: utf-8
scrapingdate: '2025-06-09T19:12:16.318554+00:00'
---

The super secret link - Peter A Giordano III - March 13
VIEW RECORDING - 59 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/pe1yb5xbxSziCqo2ZvfSRVwMbVxTQAy4

---

0:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I too. I do too. And I can't find them because my my table is a mess But they are here somewhere Uh, wait, uh, I'll tell you this too.

0:09 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  I also read the business effects of tea since we since we talked You're a fast one.

0:14 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  What do you think of I listen to audio.

0:15 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  I listen to audio. Um For this one, which so I'll give you a framework for how I read books now is I listen to everything first now for some reason I listen about like 2x speed But I will only ever I will never do anything other than listen But I do not hesitate when a book is so good.  I will buy the audiobook. I will buy the hard copy I will buy notes for it. doesn't matter because I find that for a sum of like $50 to have all the different ways in which I can capture that expertise and reuse it and repackage it That is a that's a deal to me.  So I will do it that way

1:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I don't like it that business activities.

1:02 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  I did I definitely loved it It's it's one of the books that I will now have the audio version of the physical version of and we'll have a ton of notes in Notes in them.  Yeah. No, I'm so glad.

1:15 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'm so glad So what other notes did you make for you?

1:23 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  Yeah, hold on let me bring up my my notion your notion man, I I am a Notion man who doesn't use it like everybody else does I just I just use it as a Localized version for notes and that honestly, that's it.  I don't use it really for workflow I use I used to but I don't so much anymore. I use Notion and Google Docs basically What do you use while I'm asking I I use I use index cards and

2:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  A4 paper, and Google Docs, and Obsidian, and...

2:04 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  Oh yeah, Obsidian, tried Obsidian, I just haven't gone deep in it. For the record, I also use tangible things, as it relates to the specific day, but I use like note-taking for longer-term stuff.  Let's say here. All right, I highlighted something that I pulled this quote out, I also started to rewrite some of the like we talked about strategy as this like amorphous thing and you use word complex, but we're gonna start right here.  You had this quote, it was the mental model I have for my clients, and then you said agency owners, which I didn't pick up on at first.  I know you said agency, but like, okay, so your ICP agency owners. Is that a struggle with different things?  One of those things being that it takes a long time to make decisions on the part of the clients, or they start to ask for too many revisions and walk back.  I was like, okay, that's fascinating that that is a really interesting way to start frame the problem And I mean you probably do this just automatically But you went literally who?  Pain what and I thought that was really really clear The question is do you believe that to be the case?  Is that is that did that actually come from your subconscious or did that come from? Like practice and clarity of as to what it is that you do You mean in terms of the structure of the phrase or the corner?  both. guess both.

3:34 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, so It depends I'm sorry basically, I think that I I usually Think about things in this very Squarish structured way.  I like to isolate like is this Variable or is this the intention this this kind of things? so I think you  itself to sentences like that, about that being true. I also believe that to be true, but it's also more, it's more based on me having a work at agencies and less about first-hand customer feedback.  So the, and this is why I use the hedging language of my model of this is a way of hedging, right?  Because it's like it's a starting hypothesis that then I have conversations about it and see if it resonates or not, because I know this is a true thing.  know this thing happens and I know that workshops can help with this. But on the hierarchy of pain points that they feel, I don't know if this is the pain point that will make them choose workshops, but I need to have something to start the conversation.  So I'm using that. And I've been like really struggling to make a decision and at this point I have  I have made the decision not to make a decision for agency owners or consulting firms Trying to move away from the solos.  I think we discussed about that. Yeah, I Know that agencies and consultants are not the same In some very fundamental ways, but in some ways they are they have similar challenges so Yeah, one way to dance.  Wait.

5:24 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  No, let's stay on the thread because I am Doing the same so I Don't I'd never ever use the term agency before Hasn't become until recently that I realized I have worked with agencies I didn't actually and I was just on agency related podcasts or I've been working with agency related individuals and I've always used consulting firms or consultants or strategy or strategist experts never use the term agency owners And I don't know why that's the case maybe  in my brain, all I kept thinking about was when I hear agency, I almost think more of execution than I do strategy, right?  And so I'm almost hesitant to, and I'm also, I don't want to assume wrong, but when I think of like an agents, like a advertising agency, it's like the strategy, but most of it comes in the execution of those ads.  As a consulting firm might help a little bit with, they might actually hire the agency to do the work, but they end up doing the strategy based on that.  And maybe this is also just me saying right out loud now solving the problem, which is the answer for me would be for consulting, not necessarily the agency, but I don't think by saying agency, it rules out consulting firms and by saying consulting firms, it rules out agencies.  I don't think that's the case. I don't think that's the case at all.

6:53 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, if you think of something, which is, I think that's consultants are more used to the idea of selling a strategy, right?  But agencies, especially it feels to me from some discussions I see online, it feels to me that agencies are scrambling to become more akin to consulting companies.  it's I think it like actually consulting consulting companies might be a little bit aspirational for agency owners. Because execution is becoming free with AI and so on, and they need to move into the like big brain stuff.  And if I were, I'm just not speculating, but this seems coherent with other things I've seen. If I were like an agency owner trying to be more akin to a consultant, I would be reading consulting books, right?  And there's this guy, I'm surprised.

7:50 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  Good timing.

7:52 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I don't know if you're following me, his name is Peter Kang with a K. Oh, that name sounds familiar.

7:57 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  Why does that name sound? Keep telling me, keep talking to me.

8:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So this guy, he has like a holding company of agencies, but he's a deep thinker and talks a lot about books and you can see that he is not the agency bro thing, know, it's not the Twitter kind of deal.  And me, this is kind of the, now that I talked to you about it, this is kind of the profile I'm thinking about, they are shifting into this new way of working that is a little bit more dialectic, that they need to work with the client more and it's less work package and send, work package send, right?  And that, I feel like a good example of that, he has agencies, several, but he thinks about them in terms of a business, I think in a way that's closer perhaps to consulting.  So maybe that's a good avatar for me to think about when I write.

9:00 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  Interesting. I recognize him. I think he was just on Max's show. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I haven't watched it, but I recognize it.  That's interesting. I'm not talking about this as a consultant. So, I'll tell you what this is bringing up is when I first started in 2019, I was so hesitant to call myself a consultant, honestly was.  So, I always thought I had this bad term, bad connotation to it. Even people would joke to say that consultant is a person who makes up problems and sells you that problem.  I don't know if that was just being ignorant or naive, it wasn't until I realized maybe the word expertise  Like I think that that is that is just selling selling the aspect of expertise is they can come down.

10:07 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  That's fine Okay, sorry.

10:09 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  I'm just getting a visitor that might walk by in just a moment. I Was just thinking about the concept of like the expertise in that they're not it's not that they're selling like I thought that they were Selling solutions, but in reality they're selling expertise and maybe I'm just like totally influenced now by reading this book and And that as you're saying is the execution ball this aspect is becoming more Commodities is probably true, but in a sense it's becoming Easier to fulfill.  Let's just say that it's easier to fill and I'm not I'm just not I'm not feeling the same way I used to feel I feel like more Confident in the word consulting like that there is a value-adder approach.  It's not a negative approach at all Maybe it's just an experience to happen Yeah, and I feel the same way.  mean at some point

11:01 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And it also depends a lot on who you're talking to, my father-in-law is a lawyer and his wife is a doctor, so like they have very formal, known, non-risky jobs, right?  And so, they are like socially conservative people that, you know, they see the world very kind of very simple things.  And they asked me, and they never understood, like, that I do my own thing. And they're like, oh, you're freelancing and so on.  And they asked me what I do. And I explained, and it was like, oh, so you are a consultant consultant, but like kind of jokingly.  But I don't think it wasn't like the good kind of joking. And I was like, , you, like, that's what you do.  I didn't say this, right? But that's what it does. That's actually, that's where the word consultant comes from, comes from counsel, right?  Consultants imitate the way of working of lawyers. So. I didn't say anything, but what I've noticed is that depending on who I'm talking to, I feel more or less self-conscious about this, right?  Because if they don't have a model of what this means and how useful it can be, it just feels a lot like .  But I think it was Max that said this, that when you start to really nail it, it makes sense for your market, but it doesn't make sense for anyone else.  And it feels that I'm getting there on that front, you know? you know what?

12:34 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  I'll also tell you this. I realize that it's so much more valuable for larger companies, too, versus just, so there's different variations of this.  So there's consulting to a smaller business who just needs the knowledge in that sense versus a larger company who just needs the expertise.  I know that there's a little bit of nuance, and there's a little bit of difference to that. Well, like I can think about  A company that needs to hire like a marketing position. It's however much they charge for that They have to also manage all that stuff and have to manage the person Whereas if they're like I just need to buy this buy that expertise They can just go in and they can just get very specific with that consultant and just buy that expertise It gets very very very specific in that sense And like I've realized that there is truly a need and there's truly a value associated with that too because you cut through all Some of those unnecessary costs now You might cringe at the at how much that the prices for some of those things But like I I can actually now see the tangible value of them for for like larger companies And so like I start to get it and certain make sense Whereas I think my vision of that or my narrow-mindedness at the first was like smaller companies I'm just gonna like we can go to tell them we can solve their we can pretend like we can solve their problem Which we probably can because you're the the Label outside of the jar but in a in a different sense.  It's like if you follow the business vector piece now. I'm follow that Like you get really specific, you get really clear, you know exactly what it is that you're solving like I can told you now see But I think for some of these larger companies Mm-hmm.

14:08 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, and I think there's There's a huge difference in Like the reasons why first I think for smaller companies.  There's it's more based on Skills and people might not be like They might feel that they are not very much like risk takers.  They are scared of spending the money, but they will Trust a smaller firm and the big ones everyone is just trying to cover their  And they're like just just higher McKinsey and if it goes to  it was McKinsey, right?  So covering your  as a service. think it's a big deal of this large Consulting companies and when we look at them from an expert's lens We're like, we don't understand because we know these guys just start know playing around with chat GPT like last  And we know like they're not experts at AI, but that's not what they're selling what they're selling is the feeling of progress Oh, I got the big the big boys to tell us what to do and On the surface it looks like we have the same professional to we really don't and I think that's that's really important for me to Ease some of the anxieties, so I think it's a mental maturity thing too at least for my end like just yeah getting over it Like starting to get over that and and maybe it just remember it does take Takes fear to niche down in specificity.

15:35 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  This was one of the talking points too, which was you had brought out Somehow a statement which was like we all fear specificity But when you get to being really specific and clear it actually draws clear crumbs and something that is more broad Because somebody can like attach to it and that's super super important.  I think that's just that's my also like the lesson learned here with Six years later being more comfortable that word.  For sure, for sure.

16:05 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And I mean, some guys have been talking about this world for 50 years. And it's always amazes me like how they could see I'll think where things were going.  And like are you familiar with Marshall McLuhan? I also how come I know that name?

16:33 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  Tell me, tell me a story.

16:34 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So I think technically his name is thing is like is a media theories that I don't know. But it was his books, not 50 years ago, but like a while ago.  And they was describing things that are happening now to our society because of how connected we are. That makes so much sense, right?  Why am I bringing this up? The background of the not the background but the the fabric of our careers is obviously society.

17:06 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  ahead. Um, not sure if I had anything in here. double check. You You You I'm here. I'm here. I'm here You're giving me you're you're giving me that you're giving me the theory of the theory.  It's 42.

19:07 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Thank you.

19:08 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  I appreciate your patience in that. knew that was going to be a disruption.

19:11 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I apologize. no, no, no.

19:12 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  I was just looking at something else.

19:14 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Don't worry about that. I'm also trying not to be too tinfoil-y.

19:21 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  Wait. Do want to talk about the phrase of the feeling? That was another one.

19:27 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Just at E, at the, at Y, at But my point is it makes sense that the world being so connected becomes also so fragmented because we don't have this inner, this anchors that everybody agrees on.  Right. Our careers reflect this. Like we don't have like the specific meaning anchors that everybody connects to. We need like a lot of different meaning anchors.  That's, oh, you are this kind of consultant. You are this kind of consultant. This kind of thing. So it becomes a really important part of the, of the, of life.  How do you talk about what you do when what you do is never being done before in the history of I never had a name for in the history of Of work, right?  People have done this thing, but they never called it that because the market was not Specialized enough that it made sense to have a label for that But now the market is being specialized.  So we need labels for things that before were just inside of the same bucket And people need we need to like find ways of educating people that are not Inattention, they don't want to pay attention.  They are focused on their own things which makes sense. I'm like that Need to educate them on what what is it that we do in it's Exhausting sometimes I'm a bit tired of LinkedIn.  So I think you can get that that undercurrent uh in my speech But sorry, so again trying to Names Words that create realities, right the way you describe something changes the way people think about  about it. It's like I was reading about that guy that made smoking cool for women and he called cigarettes freedom torches.  Freedom torches. Yeah, yeah.

21:11 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  I remember that. Yeah. So maybe we spoke about this in the call.

21:15 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So this this idea that in the name you you you change the entire discussion about how people think about you, which is really powerful and also a bit paralyzing because like what do I call myself then, right?  But just this relates to calling ourselves consultants. People understand what that means. Serving agencies versus serving consulting companies. Business of expertise.  Expertise as a kind of substitute word for consultant. Yeah, I think this was the path of the conversation.

21:53 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  I actually, let's go, wait, let's stay on that for a second and we can get back to reality a moment, but the freedom  of the freedom torches. I think it works, at least my lens, my very, very inexperienced, unquantifiable version of this is like, I think it works when it's not the official name.  So like what I mean by that is if each really tried to rebrand them and actually call them freedom torches, that's one thing.  But when you said it was cigarettes, but you should think of them as freedom torches, it's another thing. So like for example, the one person business now thought of as solopreneur, right?  While technically solopreneur is the word, it's not the official word, that is like the rebrand of that. And I think that that's one of those words that actually is capturing our attention right now.  This is our world, this is the version of that because maybe solopreneur sticks, but in reality, it's still in.  Entrepreneur of a one-person business the entrepreneur is the actual word that has stuck for so long the label for so long It just so happens that the mechanics of it is a one-person business So we put the label on it.  So it's like I feel it's gonna be more effective or Lindy, right? I use it. I like to use the Lindy effect is like if you stick with the original name But you put the store wrap the story around it to give it context.  No, that that's one, you know Do you know the Lindy effect? Yeah, I just talked to talk somebody about the Lindy effect today Anyway, see that's the rabbit hole we that we went down.  So what do you what do you stick with agency owners right now or consulting firms?

23:41 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  If I have to put you if I have to put you to an answer right now I'm thinking of agency owners Basically because as in terms of addressing the market, I think it's easier I think agency owners  A definition cannot be solos. They have an agency. I think agency owners, they are an easier to identify from the outside group.  And you can find the podcasts and the groups and stuff like that. And I also think that I get the feeling that they are more outward than consultants.  Like, for instance, it's a bad thing. I think in terms of marketing, that we find these really, really good people that we had no idea they existed.  And they work from a cabin in Wyoming. And they're like a world-class thing at their thing. they had no idea.  So they're not visible from the outside. And I think for marketing, it's difficult. And the way I'm thinking about this is maybe I won't serve the agencies all the time.  But I think to get some critical mass

25:00 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  and recognition I think it's useful to go where the people are and it's easily identifiable where the agencies are yes yes I feel I feel it because they have to be they have to be forward-facing right to get there they almost they almost know that they are a service for a company so they have to be out there doing their marketing materials which makes it easier to be found yeah they don't they can't agencies don't could rely on word-of-mouth but I don't think that that is the main source of business it might be but I think it's whereas consultants could literally be 100% worth mouth 100% and never be known yeah and I should like maybe even search every now and then I find this these people that am I I'm really impressed by them and no idea that that was a thing and it's all the conversations are always fascinating

26:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  But I'm always like, okay. Oh, who am I not meeting? Because I'm meeting like a percentage of a percentage like there must be like so many interesting people doing this sort of work that I can never reach and And I also get a feeling this especially with the solos That and I identify with this like they started the business because they needed to pay the bills by being themselves And they were like really interesting the specific thing and they became a consultant on that thing, but they're not ambitious and Once they get to a certain quality of life thing They did they want to stay there, right?  And I really identify with this lifestyle But they make for a difficult customer. believe so I like to sell to people who have their bonus hanging on something And I've been thinking like agency people have customer develop business development guys and stuff like that  If I could connect, I haven't really fixed this or solved this, but that's how I'm thinking about it. I want people that have a certain sense of urgency and FOMO, and I better get cracking because the other agencies are doing this, and I think these brilliant independent consultants are not like that.

27:24 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  You mean solo independent consultant or a consultant? Yeah.

27:27 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  You're right. I need to be more specific, the souls. consulting firms, the smaller consulting firms, I think they are obviously more legible than the solo consultants, for sure.  But for some reason, it's still easier for me to find agency people than independent consulting people. being an independent consultant is not about what you do, it's about your structure.  And it doesn't make a lot of sense for you to announce that. If you're concerned about people taking you seriously or not, but for agencies it doesn't say anything about the structure to say I'm an agency, right?

28:08 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  So it feels to me that agencies might be a better start in foothold This is this is interesting because you just said consultants could be a difficult customer and I think that's right.  If I alright, so there's love. Let's go with this because I Have gone up and down in terms of who I serve not I mean I start out with small business Which was I to start then I went to like try to serve myself Which is the one-to-two-person business the ambitious version of the one But I do agree with you in a sense that most people probably started even consultants even if they don't call themselves consultants or stride They started around some craft and they just built a business around that craft forgot that there's a business attached to it Like and there's that level of ambition, right?  There is a level of ambition like an obsession, like, I have an obsession when comes to business, I'll be honest.  I have a true obsession, but the, I'm not an agency, but I keep considering this idea. This is the first time the first year I actually started considering getting more than one person, like in all honesty.  And I don't know if that's driven from ambition or just driven from like, seeing something else to separating from the crowd of other individual consultants.  And there's nothing wrong individual consultants. matter of fact, I do like being one person. I do find, I think there's supreme value of the other ones.  I'm not belittling anything. promise you that. But until you just said that, which is like a typical customer, that may actually be the truth because even me, even me who is willing to invest in coaching and consulting and willing to invest in those areas, first thing I would want to do is invest in execution.  That's like the first thing I would want to do is like, I would pay some to execute on my behalf, because I don't want to necessarily outsource the thinking.  And even the coaching and the consulting, because I am a little bit ambitious or obsessive, I almost want to figure it out on my own.  I almost want to invest the time to figure it out on my own, not because I devalue somebody else, and I know it's hard to read the label from inside the jar, but I almost want to figure it out on my own so that I can reuse that as part of my service.  And I think that this is why also you're almost validating or post justification for myself, which is why I have moved away from the one-to-person business model and I'm now moving up to say it's boutique firm.  I'm going to term boutique firms. In my brain, agency tends to be also around marketing. when you hear the word agency, it's always been a marketing agency.  You say agency. What does it that you mean?

31:05 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, I think it's more elegant the way I say it, but I've been having that issue as well, because I've been just thinking about agencies in the generic sense.  The other day I went on perplexing was like, give me a taxonomy of agencies. And they're like, okay, it's not it's not all of these guys that I'm interested in, right?  It's so only a few of them. And so yeah, mostly I've been thinking about like digital product agencies, like agencies, websites, apps, systems, you know, this kind of thing.  Because it's kind of the or innovation. It's kind of the world I know, right? I know nothing about paid traffic agencies or Shopify agencies.  I know nothing about those guys. I call it boutique firms. That's a really good name.

31:57 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  Yeah, so you just though, did you just confirm the statement, though, with agencies being more marketing-based? Yes, I did.

32:05 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I think it's a good observation. I agree with the observation.

32:07 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  So, yeah, I've been really hard to say marketing consultants or market in reality, because consultants, I would say, are not just marketers.  There's definitely IT consulting, like I'm working with IT consulting, or I'm working with marketing consulting, and I've been... Who else is there?  mean, there's business strategy consulting, like myself, or pricing consultant, right? So, I do think that it expands a little bit of the industry, which is a positive and a negative.  That's super interesting, because... But you are right, though, being the difficult customer. You're definitely on that.

32:53 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I think there's different kinds of being... What's a difficult customer, right? For instance, This is a very recent experience I've had.  I'm working with someone. They are very nitpicky, OK? And sometimes to the point that it becomes funny. Like, I get pissed off and then I get like, this is just it.

33:15 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  But I'm managing my emotions.

33:17 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I'm not agro or anything. But I'm like, come on, man, let me finish a sentence. Oh, no, it's all like that.  And at the end, they're like, I love this. And this has happened several times with this person. It was really good.  Thank you so much. And I'm like, oh, yeah, I forgot. They are really just into the detail of things.  And they can do this because it's a one-man thing. And for them, it's a mix between working and counseling and just having fun.  So they like to play with ideas, right? And I'm thinking like, if you are within an organization, there's a certain sense of practicality.  Like, let's not discuss this forever. Let's just. And there's also. a layer of if this workshop goes to , it's not like my own name that gets stated.  It's like the company didn't do well. So I love the conversations, but I'm thinking that, and also a lot of these experts, they're really a high agency.  So in terms of like, they learn things on the fly. you are, this guy again, this is an example from that as well, this guy.  It's not the first one that does this. You're talking to him and you see his eyes shifting to a tab and he's actually in real time asking chat about that, not to counter you, but to learn at the same rate.  And first, that's very distracting, but at the same time, it's a little bit intimidating. Like I better be on my game because, and I would do the same.  I do the same. I mean, there's not behavior that's going to disappear before going to the doctor. Sometimes Google my symptoms and a lot of...  Let's do that, not because it will heal us, but it gives us a certain sense of control. that GE is not going back in the lab.  And I'm thinking like, it can do this because it's like a guy that has created the business around being clever.  And that's what he likes. Very interesting conversations, but in terms of like getting to a sale or just finishing things on time or not backtracking on decisions.  I believe that the group of people is probably, maybe they have more inertia, but that inertia also keeps the project moving in the same predictable way.  don't know. Think about that. don't know.

35:43 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  There's an element of speed in like, I feel what you're saying, though, is the more you get organizationally, there's more transaction based it is.  that's, oh, there's like to a point, it becomes too transactional or doesn't feel personal. But when it's one-on-one, it feels personal.  for example, our company, Conversations right now feels while they are based in business. They do feel more personal, right?  Yeah They don't feel as transactional. So like maybe there's this sweet spot where you want to get to transactional enough Carry the ball forward, but not so transactional that you feel like an employee Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm. Yeah, and that may be like the 10 person organization That may be the person who the big enough organization or a company that has a budget for this It's not just like oh, I'll come up with money for this because I have to figure out if it's a valuable or not But it's like I've already pre-made decisions that I need to spend 15 grand in workshops this year I like I've already pre-made this this decision and I've already put that to that now.  It's just like what is it? Man, this is There's also pricing power associated with this too like I think more is ideal in the pricing power which is the reality is a Solo consultant or a solo person can only pay some  It matter how valuable it really is, right? I can have something that's literally worth $50,000, but they only have $5,000 in their banking account.  That's like it, right? associate with that, that's all they can use. Yeah.

37:15 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And I also feel that it becomes a B2C kind of thing. So a lot of content, a lot of like free guides, PDFs, like yeah, B2C brand kind of things.  So I was just joining by B2C.

37:33 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  What do you mean by, so I think, I know it's not business. What do you mean by B2C in that sense?

37:43 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  So selling to very small or solos is the same thing as selling to B2C, I think, because they're paying with their own, it's not their own credit card, but it is, know, like psychologically, and it's their own budget and they're the entire buying committee, right?  And it's, and I think it seems that the way to get to those clients is to do a lot of like mass high volume kind of things like, oh, get this little guide for 30 bucks and buy this and the way to go up that ladder, it seems to be very intensive and fly wheelie.  You know, it's, I think it's probably easier, I might be wrong, but I feel that's probably easier to get started with B2B than B2C, unless, okay, it's easy to start with B2C within your referral network, like people know you and so on.  But I suspect that it's easier to start selling real work to B2B. Because what you said, people have budgets and they have decisions to make and they have quarterly goals and they have.

39:00 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  you know Keeping up with the Genesis and they want to look cool in their organizations all sorts of things that don't exist so much We know with a solo Yeah But at that and with the downside of that is while it's a little bit more transactional is it becomes it almost might become more competitive right in the sense Because if you're selling to a solo the solo really isn't Comparing you to somebody else right once you kind of have their trust They're just kind of making a decision whether I should buy from you or not Or like I should versus as you get up in range Like you become the agency style not even if you style But it's like we brought two people in and we're gonna interview these two people these two agencies Or we're gonna try to see if we can work with these two individuals and we're try to pick between the two and While it becomes more transactional and when you win it, it's much more effective But I still I think that there is a level of like  more competitiveness as you move up in that sense, choice, choice-wise. I just I felt like I just had an example today where somebody was telling me that I'm submitting my proposal but I know I'm competing against one other person like I feel like I have when I worked with solos I never had that problem.  I never was competing against somebody else even if somebody else was a pricing strategist and stuff like that it's just like it was I was never competing against somebody.  Now I could see a world where I go to a company that's making $15 million and they're like yeah pricing is a problem let's go look for the three pricing strategies and have them send our proposals in right and now we're interviewing the three of them which is fine which is I mean smart in theory it's like that's a game I have not yet to play.

42:01 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah, I don't know, I don't know.

42:05 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  I think though, let's zoom way out. I think there's a clear understanding between the both of us that this moving away from solos is actually an important move.  Yeah, yeah, I agree with that, yes. That whether it's consulting or agency owners is another important move in distinction to go to, right, specific.  Yes, it's specific. And that it carries pricing power, it carries clarity, but it takes a lot, you have to get through the fear to actually do that.  But it also takes you to be, as you said, on top of your game, like you need, you can't just now wing it.  You can't just like sell it. You need to like be really, really good. You need to be the chat, like chat GPT on the side and be really, really on your game doing that.  And I think it takes a level of commitment and obsession and ambition for that to happen. But I think it's decision.

43:17 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yes, so the internet works on a power distribution of the cost of normal distribution, right? So if people have the choice of getting the world-class...  I can tell you a really personal example. I like workshops, but I don't think I'm world-class at workshops, right?  I mean, there's some people that have been facilitating workshops for longer than I've been alive. The workshops are like...  And we are not even at the golden age of workshops. I think that has passed. So when I started trying to find my footing, was like...  I don't want to be just another facilitator guy, because... then I'll be always compared to other facilitator guys. And I was like, I need to find some intersection that is a little bit less common, but makes sense.  And I was eventually came to this thing, right? But the commitment of the Venn diagram, I think shapes the discussion in the sense that I think people assume that I have thousands of flight hours on workshops.  I don't have thousands, I have hundreds, but I don't have thousands of flight hours on workshops. But the conversations I joined because of the positioning, I'm usually like the only workshop guy.  And it's kind of, it's very common that you meet like this creative consultant, creative person, and they're brilliant, and they feel undervalued, and they convey what they do in terms of the tools that they  if they know how to use but not the value that those tools generate or they talk about the value within a very ample way like oh get alignments you know and people people not do it I'm sure but I'm not sure how many people are like oh yeah he's the guy I want and I really don't know he's not an euphemism I really don't know but I do get a feeling that once I mix the workshop for consultants which for me was really like just following my browser history like I like this stuff related to your point on obsession it I think it creates a perception of being like among very few right and to be honest I think that there's a lot of people that know about workshops but they might not know and this is what I'm finding they might not know so much about the pain points of people trying to sell expertise that then realize that they need workshops right you can ask them oh I have a workshop  I'm going to give you another example, and I'll close the monologue. I was like, maybe I should try to write something that crystallizes all of this.  And as I write on the newsletter, I write on LinkedIn, I was like, let's try to get this kind of a book thing.  And I started to put together some stuff. This is very, very recently. Today I put some words into it.  And I noticed that the table of contents was not about, oh, the three workshop techniques. No, was like, when does a workshop make sense for you?  Why do clients need workshops? What has changed in the world of expertise services? the techniques, the workshop techniques are the same.  The framing of those techniques is different. And I think not a lot of workshop people are talking about those things, right?  I feel this comes across as, look at me, I'm so smart with my position, which is not the point.  I think the point... is the world-class people choosing you to work with and the power that the the bolds oh yeah the needing to be world-class and on top of your game I think that is true but it's also less true when you are rare among the people that you're working with right if I were like in a conference of workshop facilitators I would be I would feel very self-conscious because there's a lot of science to it and neuroscience and like in that world I would be like I don't want to be a keynote speaker I don't want to do it but like in a small conference for marketing agencies yeah I think I could you know so the world-classness glassiness of things it's probably something that can be framed or bound bounded I don't know let me think and I don't world what you're saying is

48:00 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  The class is relative, not absolute. Yes, yes.

48:04 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Yeah. Right.

48:14 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  Yeah. I'll say it a different way, which I think is aligning. And I'm going to go down this path, too, which is I used to think that be so good.  You know Steve Martin, the comedian?

48:28 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Be so good I can't ignore you.

48:29 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  You've heard that one. I think that's a lie until it becomes true. Meaning what I mean by that is you can be world class, but if nobody knows you, doesn't matter.  Yeah.

48:42 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And at the time, there were three channels, 15 comedians. It's a different environment.

48:48 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  Well, mean, but his premise is true. you're talking about world class, be so good they can't you, which is at some point you do become so world class.  That inbound happens. Yes. And that's and that's true in a sense But you talked about a hundred flight hours of world of that like maybe maybe a hundred flight hours is World-class at that point.  Mm-hmm. Maybe there isn't anybody who's done a thousand and you could say that That's probably false, but maybe I'll take pricing for an example like I don't truly see pricing experts For this kind of area and and maybe it's because my because as you said it's like I'm just focusing on LinkedIn and in the grand scheme of things Like LinkedIn's also a fraction of the world as well.  There's so much opportunity We just have such a limited mindset I got to say this which is like be so good They can't ignore you is such false like you just you do it kind of have to go out there and and either like like hunt or Plant right or farm do whatever it is, but you kind of have to still go out there and do it Yes, but some point you so being world-class is it is a thing  I don't know. I'm just getting more obsessed over and over as I talk to you. Yeah, I like that.

50:07 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  You know, I think that the definition of good has changed so much. when those guys were around, it was just good at the craft and now you need to be good at distribution.  So at least, right, there's like, it doesn't exist anymore, like the playbook for getting famous, for getting work as a comedian.  It's completely different though. You need to go on TikTok and you need to serve the TikTok algorithm. So you need to think in those terms and those guys are like, oh, the algorithm is , like Louis CK.  I love it, love it, love this stuff. And he says, oh, you shouldn't make it for the algorithm. You should make it for yourself.  Yes, I get it. But that's how you get famous in today's world, right? He's so good.

50:54 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  Yeah.

50:55 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  And there's always an element of inevitability that that's One would follow that playbook like Facebook was it was inevitable, Mark Zuckerberg wasn't, but Facebook was inevitable.  That was the guy that was there at the time. If it wasn't him, somebody else would make that thing.  So I think at some point, these guys are like, yeah, we'll do the way I did. But like, somebody would do it doesn't mean that he's replicable, right?  So to be so good that they cannot ignore you. I think it's a very good horizon to keep moving towards.  think it's motivating. even like in terms of work identity is nice. Like, yeah, I'm trying to be really good.  I'm trying to get to the getting to know list of questions that you saw on the business of expertise.  Like, it sets you on this kind of game. But it's, I think, yeah, the world is different now. So that's alone is not enough.  Or the definition of good has to be expanded, I think.

52:00 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  Hi. If you were just cementing the reason why, it feels like cementing the reason why and the importance of working with boutique in agencies.  I don't know why. You're just cementing this in my brain. There's a level of importance and you're outside the jar right now.  To you. I don't think there's a question as to what. I don't think pricing and business strategy, there's not a single question as that is the path for me.  To me, the who has always been my problem. And in theory, I could apply pricing and business strategy to anything.  really could. As could you. skillset could apply to more principle based, right? And you can read in it and to put it as something else.  But this is a recent. Bias now I'm just relating this to the business expertise and the conversations you and I have been having and the conversations I've been having with myself over the last six to nine months, right is This level of specificity and eat like who like who is it and why is it that who and then getting in front of that?  Who and it's it's removing the fear right Working with solos is actually easier like it feels easier to do because it's easy to find them All right, it's easy to talk to a one person It's easy to have a connection call with with with somebody and then it turns like as a matter of fact It is it just simply is it's easy to relate to one person Then it is to figure out and talk to an agency because that agency is there to do business All right, and I know that you're talking to them about business Yeah, and you come up you are either a cost or an asset associated with Yeah But there's value in that

54:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  Okay, we went down to one channel and that was all we went down the whole thing But but for sure like I mean And I've been I had a few phases around Meeting people online.  So the first phase was I was not doing it, right? So I started the company I started company. I got like a I I got like receipts I could send people But it wasn't really a company was just legally a company, right?  And then I was trying to figure out what I'm going to do and it's mix of Systems thinking creativity and like what is this but ever and then eventually I started reaching out to people on LinkedIn And getting on calls a bit like our call and like look, I just you know I'm intrigued by what you do and I'd love to chat And I start get getting on more of those calls You  Which was really important because it helped me test some ideas and see how people relate how I feel You know talking to other experts and it was important to me.  And then I think that I started to treat that as As a business thing and it has some elements that are applicable to business but it's a little bit like when we play With systems, but we're not doing business stuff.  We're just playing around with Lego conceptual Lego And I was like, okay, so I like meeting people and it's always good Am I doing this only with the people that I know I'll have a cool conversation with yes, yeah, I think I think I think I think I need to be a little bit more intentional with meeting people that hey, maybe I won't like this guy But I should talk to him because you know And just saying this to you I can see that  that, yeah, I think I've been leaning a little bit too much on that, and there's an intermediate step that was useful, which was trying to talk to potential clients, not to sell them, but to learn from their context, right, like customer discovery interviews.  And I think so far that that has been the closest to organized reach out outreach I've done, structured outreach.  But I haven't done really outreach for sales, if I'm being very honest with myself. And I could see that these are completely different conversations, like they take place in the same area of the house, I do the same thing, but they're very different conversations.  So, yeah, it's easy to talk, yeah, and fascinating and cool and nice to talk to, you know, people like us, I think I just need to mix it a bit with.  boring clients.

57:01 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  No, I think I'm gonna, I want to pause here because I do have my, I have a meeting in two minutes, but like I actually think this is so important because a little bit of a realization as well, which is like making sure that this isn't just progress, like is it just trying to attend like your productive by having these connection calls and stuff like that, or is it truly progress?  Like if you're, if you're serious, every one connection call you have, go and make a discovery call, go and make a sales call.

57:34 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  you know what I mean?

57:37 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  Damn, I think that's, I think that's really, all right, what do we do from here? What do we do, what do we do right now in terms of next steps?

57:51 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  I don't know, you have two minutes. I don't know yet. Maybe just planting any deer. If it works some sort of share the accountability for a quick thing that we want to achieve on our perspective businesses could be an interesting But something we like with the beginning middle and end that so it doesn't get weird when it lasts for three months And we don't know what talk about it.  It's like, oh, I would like to do this thing. I don't know.

58:21 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  We can figure it out Yeah Yeah, there's something in today, which really solidified like there was also philosophy is from a business lens But but since we both watch the tape We'll watch it just still and I'm gonna send you a note.  I'll send you a message and email because I want to make sure Where we're going is where we both want to head, right?  Yeah And we can be clear and I think these are just in lessons learned even from this conversation right here So I thank you.  Thank you for inviting me into your world. I appreciate it. Thank you, man

59:00 - João Landeiro (joaolandeiro.com)
  appreciate and enjoy and value this stuff. thank you. Be well. See you soon. Thank you.

59:07 - Peter Giordano III (Adaptive Strategist)
  Have a nice one.